dakota access pipeline has done nothing but play by the rules . the army corps of engineers agrees   and has said so publicly and in federal court filings . instead   the corps will be undertaking an environmental impact statement to look at possible alternative routes .
dakota access pipeline has done nothing but play by the rules . the army corps of engineers agrees   and has said so publicly and in federal court filings . in spite of consistently stating at every turn that the permit for the crossing of the missouri river at lake oahe granted in july 2016   comported with all legal requirements   including the use of an environmental assessment .
under epa 's national environmental policy act -lrb- nepa -rrb- authority we provided comments in january and march of 2016 to the army corps of engineers regarding its draft environmental assessment for the dakota access pipeline . under epa 's national environmental policy act   the remaining portion of the dakota access pipeline was greenlit by the army corps of engineers . however   under epa 's national environmental policy act   the remaining portion of the dakota access pipeline was greenlit by the army corps of engineers .
the pipeline developer energy transfer partners announced earlier this month that it started shipping oil to customers . etp maintains that the 1 200-mile pipeline is safe   but the standing rock cheyenne river   yankton and oglala sioux tribes in the dakotas fear environmental harm .
rob port is the editor of sayanythingblog.com   a columnist for the forum news service . if there is demand for pipeline capacity -lrb- and there is -rrb-   then companies like energy transfer partners should be able to build pipelines to meet it whether the railroad industry wants the competition or not .
land surveyor socialists native americans march at oceti sakowin camp north of standing rock reservation   9 september 2016   to protest dakota access pipeline . according to dapl owners and the spartacist league   this is not indian land . on the other hand   the centrist spartacist league -lrb- sl -rrb-   in a knee-jerk reaction to the environmentalists   ends up echoing the line of some of the most retrograde .
the pipeline 's construction spurred months of protests and dozens of arrests over its location near the standing rock reservation . boasberg did not immediately rule on whether the flow of oil   which started through the pipeline on june 1   should be stopped . the treatment fell short of the corps ' duty to determine whether the project would have a disproportionate impact on minority and low-income populations .
there 's a deadline : authorities say they must leave the camps by december 5 . it will pass through an oil-rich area in north dakota where there 's an estimated 7.4 billion barrels of undiscovered oil . this is the dakota access pipeline on paper .
a video of the event shows that the first physical contact occurred when a guard tackled a protestor who had blocked the path of a bulldozer . as of thursday   more than 400 protestors have been arrested in the wake of police killings of african americans in ferguson and baltimore   the department of justice found both departments mired in racial bias .
about 400 protesters stood facing law enforcement at highway 1806   near the camps where they have worked to block the pipeline for months . about 400 people were on the bridge   authorities said . about 400 protesters had started a dozen fires . the pipeline would also cross sacred land   protesters have said .
a celebration erupted at the main protest camp in cannon ball   north dakota . that stretch required an easement from federal authorities   which delayed a decision on the permit twice in an effort to consult further with the tribe . jo-ellen darcy   the army 's assistant secretary for civil works   said in a statement the decision was based on a need to explore alternate routes for the pipeline   although it remains unclear what those alternatives will be . they have n't been following the law all along .
the pipeline   which has been projected to transport at least 470 000 barrels of oil per day over 1 100 miles from the bakken oil field to an existing hub in illinois for delivery to refineries on the gulf coast   was rerouted in 2014 from bismarck to the south   taking it through unceded treaty lands of the sioux . pipeline construction over this altered route desecrated sacred ancestral sites   and   until last sunday   was slated to cross the missouri river at the lake oahe reservoir   which would have threatened the safety of the drinking water of the standing rock sioux and millions of people downstream .
download audio opponents of the pipeline   who call themselves water protectors   built a bridge across a creek to hold a ceremony at the base of turtle hill . the action came after police in north dakota used projectiles   chemical sprays and water cannon jets in freezing temperatures sunday night . water protectors were attempting to remove barricades on a bridge on highway 1806 they say prevent emergency vehicles from accessing the standing rock sioux reservation .
advertising with blacklisted news is an independent platform for critical coverage of world news and beyond . this occurs shortly following raids on some of the last well-entrenched water protector camps . the deployment of 17 wsp -lrb- wisconsin state patrol -rrb- personnel syncs with a government-imposed deadline for protests to end .
the tribe fears that the pipeline could pollute the missouri river   which is their main source of drinking water . every weekday . the tribe fears that the pipeline could pollute the missouri river   which is their main source of drinking water .
the news traveled quickly across oceti sakowin camp   where many had just finished their evening meals . as a media outsider who only made it to standing rock for a day during my 24 hours at standing rock last week   the police seemed eager to keep their distance after their violent use of water cannons and concussion grenades against protectors only days earlier raised shock .
state officials issued an order on monday for activists to vacate the oceti sakowin camp   located on u.s. army corps of engineers land near cannon ball   north dakota   citing harsh weather conditions . the 1 172-mile -lrb- 1 885 km -rrb- pipeline project   owned by texas-based energy transfer partners lp -lrb- etp.n -rrb-   is mostly complete   except for a segment planned to run under lake oahe   a reservoir formed by a dam on the missouri river .
all rights reserved for facebook . advertise -lrb- via google -rrb- . advertise -lrb- via google -rrb- . all rights reserved . advertise -lrb- via google -rrb- . all rights reserved for information . all rights of the company have been announced in march .
thousands of people near the standing rock sioux reservation have been fighting to stop the project . since spring   members of the tribe have been protesting the project   saying the pipeline could contaminate water and that the route threatens sacred lands . now   to be clear   the pipeline is not officially dead .
picture taken december 14   2016   december 14   2016 . most are native americans   and want to support the tribal sovereignty effort forcefully argued by the standing rock sioux   whose land is adjacent to the pipeline being built . future decisions on the 1 172-mile -lrb- 1 885-km -rrb- pipeline are likely to come through discussions with the incoming administration of donald trump .
trump   a former investor in energy transfer partners   took executive action in his first week in office to expedite the project . on wednesday   workers began drilling to complete the pipeline across the missouri river . three days after a right-wing trump supporting actual terrorist shot up a mosque in canada   trump removed any mention of right-wing terrorism from the website .
thousands of protesters are vowing to make what may be their last stand at standing rock . after four months of prayer marches and clashes with law enforcement officials who responded with tear gas and water cannons . the fight has drawn thousands of tribal members   veterans   activists and celebrities and transformed a frozen patch of north dakota into a focal point for environmental and tribal activism .
the us army corps officially announced their intention to conduct a lengthy environmental inspection before issuing a permit for construction of the dakota access pipeline . just days after president trump 's memoranda were issued   the corps reversed that decision and on feb. 7 issued permission to begin drilling . but it stops short of requiring the government to act on those suggestions   and anderson believes such a statutory fix is necessary .
pipeline ellen m. gilmer   18   representing the cheyenne river sioux tribe   speak outside a federal courthouse after a court hearing in june . that 's the latest battleground over the long-contentious oil project . after the u.s. district court for the district of columbia in june ruled that an environmental assessment for the pipeline was missing a few critical elements   both sides are now wrestling over what should happen to dakota access while the army corps of engineers sharpens its review . the tribes listed a number of cases in which complete projects have been stalled or shut down after courts have found nepa violations .
keystone xl and dakota access pipelines protested near the white house on tuesday . if the keystone xl pipeline is ever completed   it will employ about 35 full-time workers   relying for its operation on a vast network of sensors   drones and the like . the number of workers employed in generating solar power now surpasses those employed in the generation of electricity from coal   gas and oil combined .
standing rock has become the first major american battleground of the 21st century most recently   on the evening of sunday   november 20   as temperatures dipped down to 26 degrees fahrenheit   law enforcement officials blasted hundreds of people with water cannons near oceti sakowin camp . video can be seen at the guardian .
the standing rock sioux tribe began coordinating a cleanup in january   but state officials say it is n't happening quickly enough . the cannonball river is a tributary of the missouri river . the army corps granted an easement on feb. 8 to the developer of the dakota access pipeline .
the pipeline   which will move oil from shale formations in western north dakota roughly 1 170 miles to patoka   is not yet operational . in north-central south dakota   it cuts through campbell   mcpherson   edmunds   faulk and spink counties . crandon is southeast of redfield and east of tulare .
oceti sakowin camp sits in a lowland area where the missouri and cannonball rivers converge   making it a prime location for flooding . the record winter snowfall heightens the chances as spring arrives . standing rock environmental protection agency and dakota sanitation are currently working to remove the mountains of trash that have accumulated .
several sioux tribes have legally challenged the army corps twice before   but failed to prove the controversial pipeline could hurt historic sites and spoil sacred waters   specifically the missouri river and lake oahe   which are key to their religious practices . this time   boasberg acknowledged that the federal permits   which were granted by trump 's executive order in january   broke the law in some aspects . the president had ordered the corps to expedite permits   enabling the pipeline to cross the missouri river   upstream of the standing rock reservation .
the clash was at the backwater bridge   near where protesters had set up camp on private property owned by the pipeline developer   energy transfer partners . the 1 200-mile   four-state pipeline is intended to carry oil from western north dakota to a shipping point in illinois . on friday   kelcy warren   the chief executive of dallas-based energy partners   said the company is unwilling to reroute the pipeline .
winds ene at 10 to 15 mph . young said he 's a lakota from standing rock and has danced as long as he can remember . the event   hosted by the native american development center   was a daylong experience with north dakota tribal nations   focused on education and building understanding .
in its letter to the tribe   the corps also warned leaders that those who remained on the federal lands would be doing so at their own risk . romper reached out to the u.s. army corps of engineers for clarification on whether protestors would face removal   but did not immediately hear back . a copy of the reported letter provided to the boston globe by the standing rock sioux tribe read : this means that no member of the general public   to include dakota access pipeline protesters .
the tribe today has the second largest native american land base in the country   and indigenous people say the us border patrol has for decades significantly disrupted tribal communities and their day-to-day life . the tribe today has the second largest native american land base in the country . if a wall is built   the results would be disastrous   moreno added .
the hotly contested dakota access pipeline runs more than a thousand miles from north dakota to illinois . last year   the l.a. city council unanimously approved a resolution opposing the construction of the dakota access pipeline . as of monday   oil is now flowing through parts of the pipeline and it is expected to be fully operational within three weeks .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
protest is a human right and police must show restraint . protest is a human right and police must show restraint . peaceful protest is a human right and police must show restraint . peaceful protest is a human right and police must show restraint .
the pipeline   which runs close to the standing rock sioux native american indian reservation   is nearly complete except for a section running underneath a nearby river . president-elect donald trump has said he supports the completion of the pipeline . he has stocks in texas-based energy transfer partners .
the ban was expected to be lifted dec. 2 . this is the second such restriction put on civilian drone operators . the ban was expected to be lifted dec. 2 . this is the second such restriction put on civilian drone operators .
dallas goldtooth   a spokesman for the indigenous environmental network   said in a phone interview on monday that the oceti sakowin medical team   which had been working in tandem with medics from the standing rock sioux tribe   had reported that nearly 200 people were injured and 12 people were hospitalized for head injuries . one protester went into cardiac arrest and was revived by the medic team .
joe heim joe heim   a member of the blackfeet nation of montana   has been at the camp off and on since early last year . the standing rock sioux tribe has joined a motion by the cheyenne river sioux tribe to halt the drilling site . the rising waters   and a federal eviction notice for feb. 22   have forced their hands .
rasmus tantholdt interviewer donna tamakawastewin i standing rock reservatet   north dakota . men det her handler om meget andet end bare os . vi fik sommertelte   som var ubrugelige i vejret heroppe . men det her handler om meget andet end bare os .
officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline   hitting dozens with pepper spray as they waded through waist-deep water in an attempt to reach property owned by the pipeline 's developer . officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline .
protesters are not supposed to walk   ride or fly drones north of the bridge . the pipeline is largely complete except for a short segment that is planned to pass beneath a missouri river reservoir   and dallas-based energy transfer partners says it is unwilling to reroute the project . top u.s. general just said 4 000 american troops are in syria .
officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline   hitting dozens with pepper spray as they waded through waist-deep water in an attempt to reach property owned by the pipeline 's developer . officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline . officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline .
the directive applies to new pipelines or those under repair . the dakota access line would move north dakota oil to illinois   and that project is nearly complete . thanks for subscribing . please check your inbox to confirm your email address .
if completed   the pipeline will funnel 470 000 barrels of oil each day from western north dakota to illinois   where it will connect with other pipelines . chief arvol looking horse addresses the crowd in the oceti sakowin camp near the standing rock reservation on sunday .
standing rock tribe   which has fought the pipeline corporation energy transfer partners and the us government in court   has argued that the project requires a full environmental study to assess the risks of the pipeline . the spill was relatively minor and was caused by a mechanical failure at a surge pump . standing rock sioux tribe chairman dave archambault ii said the spill is another sign that the courts should intervene .
a federal judge ruled that the us army corps of engineers did not sufficiently evaluate the environmental impact of the dakota access pipeline . under nepa   a federal agency must prepare an environmental impact statement -lrb- eis -rrb- that evaluates the impact of a major project -lrb- like a pipeline -rrb- on people in the area and on the environment . under nepa   a federal agency must prepare an environmental impact statement .
more than 2 000 people have arrived this week despite a blizzard that left more than a foot of snow on the ground . newcomers include large groups of military veterans who have vowed to protect the water protectors if violence breaks out at the camp .
the army corps of engineers rejected dec. 4 the previously approved easement necessary to complete the pipeline . a bureaucrat appointed by president barack obama was responsible for signing off on the rejection notice . many of the same environmentalist groups opposing the dapl pipeline helped scuttle keystone .
a federal court denied a request from the cheyenne river sioux tribe to prevent oil from flowing through a section of the pipeline close to the tribe 's reservation . after months of protesting against the pipeline   the company did not say when the pipeline would be ready to carry oil more than 2 000 miles to its shipping locations . project is almost complete   it has been delayed by the ongoing protests .
aclu says cbp should have to abide by the same rules as any other law enforcement agency . ou says he 's not sure why he specifically was detained but that many of the agents ' questions focused on his plans to cover the protest camps at standing rock .
the u.s. army owns the land through its corps of engineers . the 1 170-mile -lrb- 1 885 km -rrb- line will move crude from the shale oilfields of north dakota to illinois en route to the gulf of mexico . the permit was the last bureaucratic hurdle to the pipeline 's completion .
hundreds of dakota access protesters clashed early monday morning with police in north dakota at a highway barrier manned by dozens of officers . advancing protesters met a police response of tear gas   rubber bullets and a water cannon that soaked them in below-freezing temperatures . at least one person was arrested .
etp 's dakota access pipeline face religious argument from tribes filed under energy at mar 2017 share facebook twitter email print this story . the standing rock and cheyenne river sioux tribes sued last summer on other grounds   including that the pipeline threatened cultural sites and water supply   which they get from lake oahe   a reservoir on the missouri river in north dakota . energy transfer partners this week asked a federal judge to reject an attempt by the tribes to amend their lawsuit in part to include the religion argument .
the swedish bank nordea said it would not back the pipeline if the corporation violated the demands of the standing rock tribe . the financial challenges for energy transfer come at a time when the company is already in a precarious economic situation due to broader industry trends .
getty images the bad river band of the lake superior tribe of chippewa indians in northern wisconsin voted not to renew an easement for a major oil and gas pipeline that passes through its reservation . in the wake of the successful protest against the dakota access pipeline in north dakota   this decision is the latest example of native american tribes using sovereignty rights to oppose fossil fuel projects .
at standing rock in north dakota   indians from all over north america have been protesting for seven months in some ways never before seen . part of the process was for the united states army corps of engineers   the agency that approved the pipeline   to consult with tribes about how the pipeline would affect their reservations and treaty lands   sacred sites and cultural areas .
the pipeline developer reached out to the tribe more than two years ago but has been continually rebuffed . mahmoud challenged the tribe 's objections and said the pipeline poses little threat to drinking water . the pipeline will be buried more than 90 feet below the lowest part of the river   mahmoud said .
december 5 was the day both the federal government and north dakota authorities had threatened to evict thousands of protesters from the oceti sakowin camp . dapl endangers the water supply of the standing rock sioux   violates their treaty rights . there are people who have been at standing rock for weeks   or months .
a federal judge on monday refused to stop construction on the last stretch of the pipeline   which is progressing much faster than expected . mahmoud omitted the comment about terrorism as he read his testimony aloud to a house energy subcommittee wednesday . the comment was included in written remarks submitted to the panel . the company reached out to the tribe more than two years ago but has been continually rebuffed .
the leak occurred on thursday morning in an agricultural area in marshall county   south dakota . the oil has not entered any waterways or water systems . crews are now working to clean up the leak   and an emergency response plan has been activated .
a study by the u.s. army corps of engineers found spills would likely be too small to be toxic   and that the company   energy transfer partners   plans to monitor water quality . inside a large canvas geodesic dome that serves as a meeting area and overnight shelter   melaine stoneman   a camp medic   gave a dozen and a half new arrivals an orientation on etiquette and safety . people inhabit the oceti sakowin camp   the largest of the standing rock encampments .
environmental justice advocates could challenge administration decisions just as long as a year or two . if the corps decision holds   it could be tied up as long as a year or two .
former president barack obama halted the project over serious environmental and cultural concerns raised by the standing rock sioux tribe . many activists traveled to washington   d.c.   from standing rock   where they had been camping out for months in opposition to the dakota access pipeline . in the past   the apa has taken positions on other divisive political issues pertaining to specific groups .
a federal judge ruled that the army corps of engineers failed to complete a proper environmental examination . the permits issued for the dakota access pipeline were issued in haste . since the 1990s   our organization has been working to ensure the united states recognizes the need for environmental justice .
former ` sesame street ' writer says bert and ernie are gay it 's been speculated about for years . one former writer for the iconic children 's show says ` sesame street ' characters are   in fact   homosexual .
a federal judge ruled that the us army corps of engineers did not sufficiently evaluate the environmental impact of the dakota access pipeline . under nepa   a federal agency must prepare an environmental impact statement -lrb- eis -rrb- that evaluates the impact of a major project -lrb- like a pipeline -rrb- on people in the area and on the environment . under nepa   a federal agency must prepare an environmental impact statement .
1 172-mile dakota access pipeline would carry 470 000 barrels of crude oil a day across four states . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that wo n't stop them . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that the army will not approve an easement that would allow the proposed dakota access pipeline to cross under lake oahe in north dakota .
sophia wilansky was one of several hundred protesters injured during the standoff with police on sunday on a bridge near the site where the pipeline is planned to cross under the missouri river . sophia will require additional surgery in the next few days and her arm may still have to be amputated . most of the injured had hypothermia after being hit by a water cannon in below-freezing weather .
at oceti sakowin camp   thousands gathered around the sacred fire to hear the good news that the army corps of engineers denied a permit to drill under the missouri river . but they know that may not be enough to stop the big black snake   the dakota access pipeline that serves no purpose but to make the ultra-rich richer . then   on nov. 25   the army corps of engineers   backed by the north dakota governor   issued an ultimatum   ordering all 7 000 people then living in the oceti sakowin -lrb- seven council fires of the great sioux nation -rrb- camp to pack up and leave .
the band owns interest in 11 of the 15 parcels of land within the grant of easement rights of way   including a health study   pipeline contents recycling and disposal and surface restoration . according to the band   15 individual grant of easement rights of way for line 5 expired in 2013 . the two sides have been in negotiations since then over renewing the easements .
the corps has allowed the oil pipeline to operate near tribal lands . later   earthjustice attorney jan hasselman   who is representing the standing rock sioux in their case against the corps of engineers   gave an update to the crowd . popular resistance provides a daily stream of resistance from across the united states and around the world .
the sioux native american indian reservation is nearly 1 200 miles -lrb- 1 900 km -rrb- long . it is nearly complete except for the lake section . the multi-billion dollar pipeline runs close to the standing rock sioux native american indian reservation .
the pipeline is nearing completion after president trump signed an executive order last month smoothing the path for construction . he also cleared the way for the keystone xl project that would pipe canadian crude into the united states . the standing rock sioux and the cheyenne river sioux last week lost a legal bid to halt construction of the last link of the pipeline under lake oahe in north dakota .
statements by the us army corps of engineers and north dakota state government that   despite their orders of evacuation   there are no plans to forcibly remove protesters opposing the dakota access pipeline have done little to assuage fears . police have acknowledged using sponge rounds   bean bag rounds   stinger rounds   pepper spray   mace   tasers and a sound weapon . the explosive teargas grenades in use at standing rock have been banned by some us law enforcement agencies .
a federal judge rejected a motion for a restraining order that would have halted work on the pipeline . the company building the pipeline   dallas-based energy transfer partners   disputes that . as of monday   a few hundred protesters remained at an encampment in cannon ball   north dakota   although state and federal authorities have given them until wednesday to leave or face possible arrest . rashay castillo   a teacher at the salish school of spokane   said she visited one of the encampments in north dakota in september .
the native nations rise march from the u.s. army corps of engineers to the ellipse for a rally . it is a 30-inch pipeline traveling 1 172 miles . this can be removed when origin is fixed . trigger the set to pull in again .
blog archive news archive contact us checking the facts once again posted on september 7   2016september 4   2018 1 . claim : the pipeline is disrupting areas of cultural significance . additionally   on site there are professional archeologists who are able to identify and properly tend to artifacts .
join us on facebook and follow us on twitter . learn more at www.freepress.net . join us on facebook and follow us on twitter . prompted the obama administration to halt the project without further review .
under a president george w. bush-era executive order   border-crossing oil pipelines require a presidential permit . under a president george w. bush-era executive order   border-crossing oil pipelines require a presidential permit   granted only after a government-wide review coordinated by the state department . under a president george w. bush-era executive order   border-crossing oil pipelines require a presidential permit   granted only after a government-wide review coordinated by the state department .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
protest is partly led by the standing rock sioux tribe   which has been battling the federal government for more than a year over an oil pipeline . the two-way dakota access pipeline court challenge denied   oil could flow as soon as next week according to a website set up by march organizers .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
the crude oil reportedly came from a pipeline owned by centurion pipeline   a wholly owned subsidiary of occidental petroleum corp. . centurion said its personnel had responded to the incident and that the release had been contained   according to the report .
the film   comprised of three parts by different directors   premieres on saturday - earth day - at the tribeca film festival . it also will be streamed online at awakethefilm.org on a pay-what-you-can basis with all proceeds going to the cause . the protest camps were demolished and oil is expected to start flowing in mid-may .
the standing rock sioux tribe of south dakota say the land where the pipeline is being built is on sacred land . the individual at 1:05 is acting as if he were hit with a taser   and is not being hit with a taser .
us denies key permit   who have the backing of the incoming trump administration   have insisted the project would still go ahead . tara houska   a member of the couchiching first nation   was similarly circumspect . nothing indicates for us to pack up and go home . monday was supposed to have been a day of resistance and prayer at the sprawling encampment .
website released the following statement excerpt concerning the army corp of engineers plans . our tribe is deeply disappointed in this decision by the united states   but our resolve to protect our water is stronger than ever . when dakota access pipeline chose this route   they did not consider our strong opposition .
activists   who are demonstrating in sub-zero temperatures   have been ordered to leave the area by monday . it is unclear if they will obey the installation of a multi-billion dollar oil pipeline . the pipeline runs close to the standing rock sioux native american indian reservation .
the army corps of engineers plans to shut down the dakota access pipeline camp next week as the nearby missouri river is expected to flood . drilling under the river for the pipeline has restarted . share story by lynda v. mapes seattle times environment reporter the u.s. army corps of engineers plans to shut down a protest camp next week .
the move by the state department comes 16 months after obama blocked construction of the 1 200-mile pipeline   which would ship crude from canada 's western oil-sands region to refineries on the gulf coast . the pipeline became the subject of major lobbying efforts by both oil industry supporters and environmental groups .
the leak happened on april 4   but it was n't noticed until tuesday because of its small size . a full report will be published once walsh 's department closes its investigation . it has reported that the pipeline company has done everything by the book thus far .
the native nations rise march from the u.s. army corps of engineers to the ellipse for a rally . it is a 30-inch pipeline traveling 1 172 miles . this can be removed when origin is fixed . trigger the set to pull in again .
thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline .
copyright afp image caption protests have held up building of the pipeline . it came as an executive at the company building the dakota access pipeline . he did not specifically name the standing rock sioux and cheyenne river sioux tribes .
attorneys representing the dakota access pipeline had filed a motion for a temporary restraining order -lrb- tro -rrb- asking the court to block the publication of the announcement about the environmental impact statement -lrb- eis -rrb- in the federal register . the notice opens the public scoping phase and invites interested parties to identify potential issues   concerns . the document has a comment period that ends in 33 days .
subscribe today to be the first to know about breaking news and special reports . the roadblock   composed in part of burned-out trucks   has blocked the main route to the city of bismarck since late october . authorities spray water over dakota access pipeline protesters in freezing temperatures sunday night   nov. 20   2016 .
north vancouver rcmp took over the situation from the vancouver police department . rcmp spokesman cpl. the decision was not related to the fact that several tankers were scheduled to travel under the bridge on wednesday . the serene sea moved to an anchorage in burrard inlet   east of the bridge .
the sierra club seal is a registered copyright   service mark   and trademark of the sierra club . the sierra club seal is a registered copyright   service mark   and trademark of the sierra club .
the entire project was completed   except for the lake oahe segment   during 2016 . the pipeline will end at a terminal in marion county . the entire length of the pipeline is 1 172 miles . it has been noted that the use of fracking has made the oil more accessible .
nd 's senate race far from over more topics editorials jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists mike mcfeely rob port submit a political letter entertainment headlines netflix sets record with 23 emmys   tying hbo for tv awards william elliott whitmore to play fargo brewing co. . ptfs sets dates for ` funky little christmas ' shows in fargo sexton to return to fargo for sanctuary show anderson cooper .
environmental activists broadly opposed the keystone xl pipeline and campaigned against it for more than seven years . the keystone xl project will take 800 000 barrels of oil a day from canada to the gulf coast . it was the subject of a largely symbolic battle waged by climate activists opposed to the continued development of fossil fuel infrastructure .
the buyer of the loan was not disclosed . under the terms of the sale   ing will retain some of the risk in the event of default . opposition to the pipeline is slated to carry crude oil from the bakken oil fields in north dakota to a refinery in illinois .
timeline lays out how the struggle came to be and the long road ahead for the standing rock sioux . read up and do what you can   and remember what campground head chef nantinki young told fusion . and water is life   water is life . january 2016 dapl clears final hurdle the army corps of engineers gave its blessing to the pipeline plans .
trump has supported the 1 172-mile pipeline and broader efforts to produce more fossil fuels in the united states . on sunday   the army corp of engineers denied a federal permit for the project needed for a segment of the pipeline .
white house press secretary sean spicer tweeted that mr trump   who claims the pipeline will create many thousands of jobs   would discuss the pipeline later . the announcement on friday morning would appear to at least for now close the uncertainty that had hung over the project   which will carry oil sands petroleum from alberta   canada   to nebraska   in the us .
north dakota pipeline protests people protest along highway 1806 as they walk past a sprawling encampment on thursday   november 30 . hide caption 5 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests a person walks through snow and wind on tuesday . hide caption 8 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests people against the construction of the dakota access pipeline .
jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists mike mcfeely to play fargo brewing co. . the red lake nation and enbridge recently agreed to terms on a financial settlement and land swap . the previous deadline to terminate the sale was dec. 31 . phillips 66 owns the remaining 25 percent of engineers this month .
us denies key permit   who have the backing of the incoming trump administration   have insisted the project would still go ahead . tara houska   a member of the couchiching first nation   was similarly circumspect . nothing indicates for us to pack up and go home . monday was supposed to have been a day of resistance and prayer at the sprawling encampment .
police are seen lining the island hill beyond them . code switch the standing rock resistance is unprecedented -lrb- it 's also centuries old -rrb- citizens of the standing rock sioux nation set up the sacred stone camp in april to protest the dakota access pipeline   which they say would threaten nearby burial sites and the sioux water supply . code switch the standing rock resistance is unprecedented .
native american groups and their allies will converge in washington d.c. to march for tribal rights . organizers the march   as noted on the stand with standing rock website   is being planned by the native nations rise planning committee . demands though the protest is born out of the standing rock movement and fight against the dakota access pipeline   friday 's protest is a broader call for the tribal rights .
around 2 000 military veterans plan to gather at the standing rock reservation in north dakota . 2 000 military veterans plan to gather at the standing rock reservation in north dakota to show their support for those camped in protest . at least eight people were killed after hurricane florence made landfall on north carolina 's coast on friday .
north dakota law enforcement used water cannons to disperse group of about 400 protesters trying to move past a barricaded bridge toward construction sites for the project . as temperatures in cannon ball   north dakota   dropped into the 20s   police in riot gear sprayed activists with a hose mounted atop an armored vehicle . protesters also reported being pelted with rubber bullets   tear gas and concussion grenades .
the sierra club seal is a registered copyright   service mark   and trademark of the sierra club . a comprehensive environmental review will show that this dirty and dangerous project will threaten the safety of every community it cuts through . the sierra club seal is a registered copyright   service mark   and trademark of the sierra club .
the protest camp at standing rock went up in flames . for nearly a year   it had been the setting for a bitter showdown between opponents of the dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- project and the project 's developers . crowds that once numbered 10 000 dwindled to dozens wednesday after an evacuation order from north dakota 's governor .
01:21 story highlights the dakota access pipeline will move 470 000 barrels of domestic crude oil a day through four states it will run near a reservation in north dakota . the site of months-long protests standing rock sioux reservation   north dakota -lrb- cnn -rrb- ask around and you 'll hear stories of pipeline protesters who 've traveled great distances . they 've come from japan   russia and germany   who 've flocked here from all corners of the us .
casey camp-horinek attends the ` winter in the blood ' premiere during the 2013 los angeles film festival in los angeles . transcanada   which has both a native american relations policy   maintains the pipeline will be environmentally safe and will create jobs and boost the economy .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
opponents of the pipeline have waged divestment campaigns against the pipeline company   energy transfer partners . using the slogan defund dapl   activists have also urged individuals and institutions to move money out of banks that are financing pipeline construction   including wells fargo and bank of america .
shares of calgary   alberta-based enbridge closed up 3.7 percent in toronto . pipeline bottlenecks have steepened a price discount for western canadian heavy crude this year . refiners in minnesota and surrounding states say line 3 is necessary to increase crude supplies .
standing rock became a ghost town last week after police raided and razed the prayer camp that once hosted thousands of water protectors . earlier this month   the trump administration fast-tracked approval to build the final section of the pipeline and cancelled the environmental impact statement ordered by president obama . construction is nearing completion and oil could flow through the pipeline as early as march 6 .
the north dakota lawmakers are likely to receive a friendlier reception under mr. trump . the last of the camps on federal property was cleared in late february under federal and state evacuation orders   allowing the army corps to finish a clean-up job that saw the removal of 21.48 million pounds of garbage from the floodplain . starting aug. 10   officers made 761 arrests   only 6.7 percent of which involved north dakota residents   the rest coming from 47 other states and four countries .
three of those injured are reportedly elders of the standing rock sioux tribe . a witness told gilbertt that the fires were actually started by police projectiles . paramedics from standing rock emt continue to remain at the scene .
nd 's senate race far from over more topics editorials jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists mike mcfeely rob port . ptfs sets dates for ` funky little christmas ' shows in fargo sexton to return to fargo for sanctuary show anderson cooper . he is training volunteers to build structures that can withstand sub-zero temperatures and bitter winds .
project stalled amid protests over its construction on native american lands . if completed   the dakota access pipeline would route crude oil from north dakota to illinois . the project stalled amid protests over its construction on native american lands .
the use web aclu web app to tell gov. trump signed an executive order giving the go-ahead for the construction of both the keystone xl and dakota access pipeline . we can not let all the hard-fought victories of the last few months be for naught . we can not let all the hard-fought victories of the last few months be for naught .
the protesters are urging u.s. bank to divest from the dakota access pipeline . the organizers said u.s. bank has millions in credit lines to the parent company of the dakota access pipeline . sign up for our daily email .
slate the slatest your news companion nov. 29 2016 . the evacuation order came days after the federal government set a dec. 5 deadline for the protesters to clear out   but neither state nor federal officials had said how   they planned to get everyone to comply . it appears we now have the answer : by making them too cold and hungry to stay put .
petition closed remove sheriff kyle kirchmeier   of the morton county sheriff 's office this petition . 113 620 laverdure started this petition to morton county sheriff 's office and 1 other i am one of a group of native american activists and allies who have been protesting an oil pipeline that is set to cross the missouri river a mile away from the standing rock reservation . for months   we have been peacefully working to stop construction on what we believe is right .
the state is not held responsible for the deteriorating health of protesters caused by weather . many speculate that this order will have little to no immediate effect on the water protectors . since the investors behind the dakota access pipeline lose more money as the protest goes on   drastic measures are being employed to strongly encourage protesters to abandon their efforts .
the retirement fund also may have investments in companies that are believed to be financing the project . for months   american indians led by the standing rock sioux tribe   environmentalists and veterans have protested to block construction . recently   davis and seattle have broken ties with wells fargo because the bank is one of the institutions financing the pipeline .
activists in minnesota have promised similar protests in the state if permits are granted for enbridge 's line 3 replacement project . the lines were built in an era with no federal environmental law requiring studies or public hearings   keeping opposition to a minimum . that was never clearer than last year when what began as a small protest over the route of an oil pipeline near north dakota .
at least 17 protesters were hospitalized   which included a handful treated for hypothermia . as a result   at least 17 protesters have camped out where the pipeline is slated to cross the missouri river since april . despite their tenacity   conditions intensified over the weekend   as the morton county police sprayed 400 protesters with tear gas on sunday .
longtime opponents in nebraska are n't letting their guard down and neither are law enforcement officials who may have to react to protests if it wins approval . despite new uncertainty over whether transcanada   the builder of the keystone xl pipeline will continue the project   longtime opponents in nebraska are n't letting their guard down . despite new uncertainty over whether transcanada   the builder of the keystone xl pipeline will continue the project   longtime opponents in nebraska are n't letting their guard down .
the tribes say the pipeline would endanger their cultural sites and water supply . they added a religious freedom component to their case last week by arguing that clean water is necessary to practice the sioux religion and that the mere presence of the pipeline renders the water impure . energy transfer partners received final approval from the army last week to lay pipe under the reservoir and to complete the 1 200-mile pipeline . the full pipeline system could be operational within three months .
more than 600 people indicated on facebook that they were interested in attending the new york city rally . holding trump signs and waving u.s. flags   many chanted their support for the republican president . no problems were reported at the event   though there briefly was some back-and-forth shouting when some anti-trump protesters walked by the crowd .
the lands of the standing rock sioux tribe sit a half mile south of the proposed route of the dakota access pipeline . the tribe fears the line could destroy sacred sites during construction and that a future oil spill might pollute its drinking water . sunoco logistics is one of the largest pipeline operators in the united states .
the lake   a water source formed by a dam on the missouri river   has been the focus of protesters . delays & rising costs beyond the federal approval issues   state and local governments have also mobilized against pipelines . last week trump for the first time voiced support for the dakota access project .
fonda is the latest celebrity to support the indigenous and environmental activists . the pipeline is slated to cross under the missouri river just north of the standing rock sioux reservation . the tribe fears that spills will contaminate their water source and construction will destroy sacred burial sites .
the us army corps of engineers granted the controversial dakota access oil pipeline an easement to pass beneath lake oahe and the missouri river   north of the standing rock sioux reservation . since the middle of 2016   thousands of native americans have been fighting to prevent the pipeline 's completion .
north dakota pipeline protests people protest along highway 1806 as they walk past a sprawling encampment on thursday   november 30 . hide caption 5 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests a person walks through snow and wind on tuesday . hide caption 8 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests people against the construction of the dakota access pipeline .
chairman of the standing rock sioux tribe stating that on december 5th all lands north of the cannon ball river will be closed to the general public . if the corps wants to keep people safe and prevent further harm   then deny the easement   rescind the permit   order a full environmental impact statement .
400 people marched toward a bridge that has become the frontline of this fight . on sunday night   400 people marched toward a protest against plans to pass the dakota access pipeline . on sunday night   deputies blasted protesters with a water cannon mounted to an armored vehicle   sending about two dozen people to the hospital with hypothermia .
snow covers oceti sakowin camp near the standing rock sioux reservation on november 30   2016 outside cannon ball   north dakota . image : getty images divergent actor shailene woodley has also been vocal about standing rock .
se winds at 15 to 25 mph   decreasing to 5 to 10 mph . se winds at 15 to 25 mph   decreasing to 5 to 10 mph . se winds at 15 to 25 mph   decreasing to 5 to 10 mph .
president donald trump gave the go-ahead for construction to continue on the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines . she is slated to begin an internship with the weinstein co. in february . read more at usa today   she is slated to begin an internship with the weinstein co. in february .
the standing rock sioux tribe and earthjustice remain undaunted in our commitment to challenge the easement in court . the white house comment line is finally back up after several weeks of being shut down . call president trump   tweet at him   leave a facebook message   or add your name to the list .
guest post written by c. dean mcgrath   jr. . mr. mcgrath is an attorney and adjunct professor of law at georgetown university . share to facebook share to linkedin activists eat breakfast as it snows at oceti sakowin camp on the edge of the standing rock sioux reservation .
vibeke larsen   president of the sami parliament   said the pension fund announced the move when she arrived at a meeting in oslo to discuss dakota access . the project to build the 1 900 km dakota access oil pipeline across six us states has prompted massive protests from native american activists at the standing rock sioux reservation . in common with native americans in the us   the sami have over the years protested against mining operations .
nov 17   2017 0 officials with transcanada were on the scene of an oil leak from the keystone pipeline southeast of amherst friday . nov 17   2017 0 this jet airplane registered to transcanada pipeline was parked at the aberdeen regional airport friday . nov 17   2017 0 this ariel view taken friday shows the size of the oil leak from the keystone pipeline southeast of amherst .
police in riot gear cleared out the remaining protesters from the oceti sakowin protest camp . after the fires were put out   the army corps of engineers moved onto the camp site to begin the cleanup process on friday . the dogs they have been able to capture showed health symptoms from being left behind .
petition created by fabiola jacome nastacio has been peacefully protecting water   and people in standing rock sioux reservation   north dakota since august 2016 from the dakota access pipeline . he is a 36-year-old pueblo native american with two children who depend on him .
the protest comes as donald trump gave the go-ahead for construction to continue on the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines   reigniting the conflict between native americans and activists fighting for their sacred lands -lrb- in north dakota -rrb- . she is slated to begin an internship with the weinstein co. in february .
protesters include various native american tribes as well as environmentalists and even actors including shailene woodley . state officials issued an order on monday for activists to vacate the oceti sakowin camp . human wall the 1 885 km pipeline project   owned by texas-based energy transfer partners lp   is mostly complete   except for a segment planned to run under lake oahe .
in april a camp was set up near the construction site which has since swelled to an estimated presence of 7 000 activists . last week officers used water canons on members of the camp blocking a bridge . rubber bullets and tear gas were also reported to have been fired during the incident .
our tribe is deeply disappointed in this decision by the united states   but our resolve to protect our water is stronger than ever . when dakota access pipeline chose this route   they did not consider our strong opposition . our concerns were clearly articulated directly to them in a meeting on sept. 30 .
no protester group has claimed responsibility for the request . the mass check-in is a new and unusually public step in the months-long conflict over the construction of the dakota access pipeline . the pipeline would connect the bakken formation oil fields to a shipping depot in illinois   must cut across the missouri river   a federally controlled waterway that holds religious importance and also supplies clean water to the sioux reservation .
shutting down the nea is an idea that dates back to the reagan administration   though reagan was ultimately dissuaded from the move by other conservatives . read more how to leave planet earth in response to the news   a heartfelt speech by fred rogers before the senate subcommittee on communications from 1969 -lrb- above -rrb-   in which he defends pbs   is being reshared a white house petition has been set up protesting such budget cuts   but does not appear to be registering signatures .
north dakota governor jack dalrymple said it was ` probably not feasible ' to reroute the pipeline - which was originally intended to run north of the city of bismarck   around 50 miles from the sioux tribe 's land . the pipeline will allow half a million barrels of oil to flow from north dakota to illinois each day .
the highest court in nebraska now hears a case on landowners seeking compensation from pipeline planner transcanada . the pipeline 's progress was stimulated when u.s. president donald trump took office last year and used the power of the executive office to facilitate north american oil and gas infrastructure . the nebraska supreme court takes up the landowner hearing tuesday morning .
stewart aptn national news as the dec. 5 eviction date at the camp trying to shut down construction of a pipeline   new groups of supporters have arrived on the scene . chris stewart aptn national news as the dec. 5 eviction date at the north dakota camp trying to shut down construction of a pipeline   new groups of supporters have arrived on the scene . chris stewart aptn national news as the dec. 5 eviction date at the north dakota camp trying to shut down construction of a pipeline .
u.s. district judge james boasberg denied the tribe 's motion for a preliminary injunction against the pipeline company . the tribes are arguing that the completion of the pipeline construction just north of the standing rock sioux reservation endangers their drinking water source . the two-way key moments in the dakota access pipeline fight the pipeline company   energy transfer partners   has been drilling under lake oahe for weeks .
energywire climatewire e&e daily greenwire news pm reports energywire the transformation of the energy sector tue.   sep. 18 mon.   sep. 14 thu.   sep. news reporter . lawyers for the army corps of engineers on friday urged a federal court in washington to reject a request from dakota access llc to resolve the case in its favor . the pipeline could transport 570 000 barrels of oil per day from north dakota to illinois .
the proposed route for the pipeline   which stretches for 1 134 miles and transfers oil from the bakken fields in northwest north dakota   illinois   was switched after complaints from residents in the overwhelming white town of bismarck   the state capital . give jessica robinson a round of applause . from a quick cheer to a standing ovation   clap to show how much you enjoyed this story .
the standing rock sioux tribe has fought the pipeline project for years . give us feedback . sign up for our newsletter . play this retro game to find out . they say the pipeline violates their treaty rights .
the obama administration said this month it wants more study and tribal input before deciding whether to allow the partially built pipeline to cross under a missouri river reservoir in north dakota . bernie sanders lends his voice to dakota access pipeline protests 02:17 donald trump and trade   pipelines and environment 02:13 protests against dakota access oil pipeline increasing 00:55 protesters pepper-sprayed during dakota access pipeline protest 00:57 donald trump wades into canadian pipeline debate the 1 200-mile pipeline would carry oil across four states to a shipping point in illinois . on nov. 14   the corps called for even more study .
energy transfer partners executive vice president joey mahmoud accused water protectors of violence . in a written statement submitted to congress   energy transfer partners . sioux have joined the legal battle against the u.s. army corps of engineers   filing a lawsuit this week calling on the agency to halt construction of the dakota access pipeline .
thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline .
the dapl is being constructed under multiple waterways   including the missouri river . that is   if the meeting between north dakota governor jack dalrymple and tribe chairman dave archambault ii goes well . it has been reported that when the tentatively agreed-upon meeting does take place   the entirety of the standing rock sioux tribal council will join archambault and the governor for their talks .
the army corps of engineers   which needs to grant an easement to the company constructing the pipeline   is reviewing the case now . on december 4   2 000 veterans plan to join them to act as human shields   protecting activists from police . there are many other ways that pipelines can spill oil   including corrosion or damage to pipes that can happen if construction is rushed .
the secretary of the army corps of engineers has told the standing rock chairman david archambault that the route for the dakota access pipeline has been denied near the reservation   but are studying alternate routes . for the first time in history native american   they heard our voices . as the young turks have been reporting over the past hour   even though this is a historic victory   we must be remembered that donald trump has money in this pipeline working out and so the pressure must remain when he becomes president in late january .
tribes ' request for more say in dakota access pipeline study denied . two american indian tribes to be more involved in environmental review of the dakota access oil pipeline . but he also ordered army corps of engineers and developer energy transfer partners to do additional study and planning .
north dakota police claim rubber bullets not used on standing rock protesters . adam schrader - november 22   2016 1618 0 share on facebook tweet on twitter two men in combat gear stand watch over a bridge on state highway 1806 .
supporters of the standing rock sioux tribe have been protesting the development of the dapl since april because of the threat it poses to sacred burial grounds as well as the missouri river . three federal mandates were issued to halt the construction of the dapl in recent months .
other cities in the united states are also considering similar moves against the financial institution . however   the contentious project was revived by president donald trump just a week after he took office in what the tribe said was a payback for his supporters in the oil industry .
the native nations rise movement will bring a teepee encampment along with speakers and cultural workshops to the national mall next to the washington monument . the march   which is being led by the standing rock sioux tribe   the indigenous environmental network and the native organizers alliance   follows a years-long battle by the standing rock sioux and environmentalists against construction of the dakota access pipeline . but president trump greenlighted its completion with an executive order soon after taking office in january .
the decision came a day before the government 's deadline for the several hundred people at the oceti sakowin   or seven council fires   encampment to leave the federal land . the decision does n't rule out that it could cross under the reservoir or north of bismarck . the company constructing the pipeline   dallas-based energy transfer partners .
indigenous community gave united response to a letter sent to standing rock tribal chairman dave archambault ii informing of possible evictions north of the cannonball river . all rights reserved for this website uses cookies . read rt privacy policy to find out more .
joe heim joe heim   a member of the blackfeet nation of montana   has been at the camp off and on since early last year . the standing rock sioux tribe has joined a motion by the cheyenne river sioux tribe to halt the drilling site . the rising waters   and a federal eviction notice for feb. 22   have forced their hands .
activists protesting the continued construction of the pipeline were told to shut down one of their camps by dec. 5 in a letter sent to the standing rock sioux tribe 's leader by the army corps . protesters said the request would only escalate tensions . latest postings from digital smoke signals facebook page more : standing rock -- portraits from the protest sign up for the daily 3 things to know newsletter something went wrong .
the pipeline could carry up to 570 000 barrels per day of fracked oil from north dakota to illinois . it would cross 200 waterways   including under the missouri river   upstream of the standing rock sioux tribe reservation in north dakota . presently   there are about 3 000 land defenders gathered on standing rock territory blocking the construction of the pipeline .
the army corps did trump 's bidding   granting a permit for energy transfer partners -lrb- etp -rrb- to drill under lake oahe along the missouri river   without bothering to complete the environmental impact statement it had earlier mandated . etp got started immediately with drilling in an area that is sacred land of the standing rock sioux tribe . the company brags that it can have the dapl operational within 30 days .
the keystone pipeline is part of a 2 687-mile system that carries crude oil from alberta to several points in the united states   including illinois . an announcement in nebraska is expected on monday . the pipeline company   transcanada   said in a statement that the south dakota leak was detected around 6 a.m. local time on thursday .
the group is fine-tuning an economic argument it hopes will resonate better in this politically conservative state than the environmental concerns that dominated the successful push to block keystone under former president barack obama . they contend the pipeline will provide mainly temporary jobs that will vanish once construction ends   and limited tax revenues that will decline over time . now tanderup and others are gearing up for another round of battle .
hundreds of protesters   or water protectors   as they prefer to be called   have been arrested since the protests began . this is an official site of standingrock.org . this is an official site of standingrock.org .
the keystone pipeline is part of a 2 687-mile system that carries crude oil from alberta to several points in the united states   including illinois . an announcement in nebraska is expected on monday . the pipeline company   transcanada   said in a statement that the south dakota leak was detected around 6 a.m. local time on thursday .
out-of-state law enforcement from the wisconsin state patrol also deployed under the emergency management assistance compact -lrb- emac -rrb- . just after 11 am   the combined eviction forces began their approach into the camp . between a few dozen to a hundred water protectors were estimated remaining in camp at that time   with most having left the previous day but some having returned that morning by walking across the frozen cannonball river .
weather service and the u.s. geological survey will install a new stream gauge on the cannonball river near the camp wednesday to closely monitor river heights in the area . the area is in a flood plain and must be clear of buildings .
the crossing is the final big chunk of work on the pipeline . the pipeline is projected to carry half a million barrels of oil daily . the army says it will do so within as soon as 24 hours .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
dakota access pipeline has become one of the biggest native american demonstrations in decades . the push to block this pipeline has become one of the biggest native american demonstrations in decades . july 27   2016 attorneys for the standing rock sioux tribe took their first legal action to block the pipeline to the courts on this day .
experts weigh in on possible outcomes of dakota access pipeline protest by archie ingersoll on dec 3   2016 at 3:11 p.m. equally hard to predict is what will happen now as both sides appear as entrenched as ever . concerned the pipeline will encroach on sacred sites and taint drinking water on the standing rock sioux reservation . protesters are hunkering down for a north dakota winter .
petition closed remove sheriff kyle kirchmeier   of the morton county sheriff 's office this petition . 113 620 laverdure started this petition to morton county sheriff 's office and 1 other i am one of a group of native american activists and allies who have been protesting an oil pipeline that is set to cross the missouri river a mile away from the standing rock reservation . for months   we have been peacefully working to stop construction on what we believe is right .
sunoco logistics   the pipeline operator   has the most crude oil spills in the united states   while construction of the pipeline has already desecrated numerous sacred burial sites of the sioux . he just walked 250 miles to be at standing rock . here he is at the bridge where the people were attacked last week with water cannons   grenades   etc.   to give you an insight into the law enforcement militarization .
winter is descending upon thousands of native americans camped out in north dakota . for months   they have been protesting against the dakota access oil pipeline . the early snowstorms of the season are rolling across the prairie . temperatures frequently drop below freezing at night .
standing rock tribe   which has fought the pipeline corporation energy transfer partners and the us government in court   has argued that the project requires a full environmental study to assess the risks of the pipeline . the spill was relatively minor and was caused by a mechanical failure at a surge pump . standing rock sioux tribe chairman dave archambault ii said the spill is another sign that the courts should intervene .
the leak was first reported to regulators on dec. 5   according to the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration . the incident may serve as something of a rallying cry for groups opposing the pipeline . the point of release into the ash coulee creek is about 18 miles from where it feeds into the little missouri river   which then feeds the missouri   a major drinking water source .
us denies key permit   who have the backing of the incoming trump administration   have insisted the project would still go ahead . tara houska   a member of the couchiching first nation   was similarly circumspect . nothing indicates for us to pack up and go home . monday was supposed to have been a day of resistance and prayer at the sprawling encampment .
plans had called for the pipeline to pass very near the reservation of the standing rock sioux tribe . leaders have repeatedly expressed fears a spill could threaten the water supplies of their people .
the 1 172-mile -lrb- 1 885-km -rrb- dakota access pipeline   owned by texas-based energy transfer partners lp   is mostly complete   except for a segment planned to run under lake oahe   a reservoir formed by a dam on the missouri river . the temperature in cannon ball is expected to fall to 4 degrees fahrenheit -lrb- -16 celsius -rrb- next week . the army corps has twice delayed that decision .
more than 150 native american tribes have united in uproar against the dakota access pipeline . the memos were applauded by the american petroleum institute . trump has held a stake in energy transfer partners .
antonia juhasz publish date : nov 1   2016 oceti camp   the main water protector campsite located just to the north of standing rock sioux tribal reservation on highway 1806   near cannon ball   north dakota   on october 27th   2016 . visit website arrayed against the protectors on this day is a vast phalanx of police from multiple states and agencies   national guardsmen   and armed private security forces working for energy transfer partners .
the corps does not know the condition of the standing rock sioux reservation . officials began cleaning up the areas in february to prepare for ice melt that risked washing the debris into the nearby missouri river . the corps does not know the condition of the standing rock sioux reservation .
fonda is the latest celebrity to support the indigenous and environmental activists . the pipeline is slated to cross under the missouri river just north of the standing rock sioux reservation . the tribe fears that spills will contaminate their water source and construction will destroy sacred burial sites .
blockade forces hours of delay to travel from the reservation to bismarck   punishing the sioux and other locals . blockade the water protectors were trying to open delayed her arrival at medical facilities in bismarck   50 miles away . this is like the wound of someone who is a warrior fighting in a war .
doug burgum sat down with tribal and camp leaders for five hours at the prairie knights casino wednesday night in what participants saw as a gesture of good faith from the new leadership . attendees included current and former standing rock tribal council members   tribal elders   officials from the bureau of indian affairs   north dakota national guard and morton county commission .
the spill   which was detected monday   has sent an unknown volume of crude oil into the ash coulee creek . the rerouted pipeline would cross the missouri river under lake oahe   a reservoir and the primary supply of drinking water for the standing rock sioux . it is equally unsafe for the water supply of the standing rock sioux .
the water protectors ' plea took its greatest hit yet when news broke that the dakota access pipeline will be in service soon   and is currently filled with oil . the fight against dapl has rallied native rights activists   environmentalists and more   but it appears that this specific battle is on its last legs . dakota access is currently commissioning the full pipeline and is preparing to place the pipeline into service .
logan thompson   owner of prairie view equipment contractor   said his company got instructions on handling human waste and waste compost from health officials . in january   stand rock sioux tribal chairman dave archambault ii spoke out about the clean up after the protest . to officially cast your vote in the breitbart poll   provide your email address below .
the camp at oceti sakowin camp   north dakota   was amazed to learn that the government had denied these documents to the tribe . the contents of these documents   which have still not been released to the public   are unknown . but the army maintains it both was and is on firm legal footing .
the north dakota national guard   law enforcement officials   and private security firms have used unjustified force in their response to opponents of the dakota access pipeline . he is concerned over both the scale of arrests and the conditions in which american citizens are being held . the tribe has been denied access to information and was excluded from consultations during the planning stages .
the pipeline project has been the focus of protests for about a year . activists argue that expanding the pipeline in north dakota will endanger drinking water and native american artifacts . president barack obama gave temporary relief with his order for the army corps of engineers to find another route .
the oceti sakowin camp has been officially cleared of all protest activity and clean up will resume . there were no reports of injuries to police officers or protesters on thursday   lieutenant iverson said . about 200 officers took part in the operation . if that washed into the missouri river   the results could be damaging to the environment .
the water protectors have long maintained that the barricades block emergency services from reaching the camps   which have been virtually besieged by militarized law enforcement bodies and north dakota national guard personnel . in addition to the water cannons   peaceful protesters also faced flash bangs that caused brush fires   jets of pepper spray   flash bang grenades   rubber bullets   long-range acoustic devices . according to the oceti sakowin medic team   by 1:30 a.m. local time nearly 200 people were hospitalized for head injuries .
the u.s. army owns the land through its corps of engineers . supporters say the pipeline is safer than rail or trucks to transport the oil . the 1 170-mile -lrb- 1 885-km -rrb- line will move crude from the shale oilfields of north dakota to illinois en route to the gulf of mexico .
the u.s. army corps of engineers in early december said it would not approve an easement for further construction on the pipeline to bridge lake oahe in north dakota . several derailments of trains carrying oil from north dakota proved deadly over the past few years . donald trump   who is slated to assume the u.s. presidency in mid-january   told fox news during the weekend he 'd step into the process if it 's required .
the water protectors are trying to prevent the dakota access oil pipeline development on standing rock sioux tribal land . tubbs fire devastated neighborhoods in santa rosa monday . the water protectors are trying to prevent the access oil pipeline development on standing rock sioux tribal land .
tim mentz sr. took to youtube to tell the world about the destruction of his cultural heritage . he was upset and spoke rapidly about the area behind him   an expanse of the great plains cut by a new 150-foot-wide road . two days before   mentz had testified to the d.c. district court to report the area that lay in the path of the controversial dakota access pipeline .
transcanada has spilled far less than many of its competitors   the keystone pipeline has sprung several leaks since it was began operating in 2010 . transcanada has also reported several smaller spills . details were still emerging on friday about the latest spill   which blackened a roughly 100-yard radius in a grassy field outside amherst   s.d.   and caused the pipeline to be shut down .
obama administration has announced at least a short delay before granting the final pipeline permits . but that delay could expire at any moment   adding to the tension in the camp . yes   donald trump will likely overturn the delay . please choose your username under which you would like all your comments to show up .
as previously reported the people of the sioux tribe have been vigilantly guarding their sacred standing rock land that would be tarnished by the construction of the dakota access pipeline . on sunday the us army corps of engineers blocked a measure to allow the construction of the dakota access pipeline successfully enforcing a rerouting . the camp erupted in instant jubilation   with protesters cheering   crying tears of joy and beating drums .
fort berthold has since caught up to become one of the state 's most productive regions . but layers of federal regulation - applying only to tribal lands - slowed them down for years   frightened away investors and cost them millions of dollars .
01:21 story highlights the dakota access pipeline will move 470 000 barrels of domestic crude oil a day through four states it will run near a reservation in north dakota . the site of months-long protests standing rock sioux reservation   north dakota -lrb- cnn -rrb- ask around and you 'll hear stories of pipeline protesters who 've traveled great distances . they 've come from japan   russia and germany   who 've flocked here from all corners of the us .
the protests were called the most significant gathering of indian people in decades . months of intense protests and clashes with north dakota law enforcement occurred at the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . the protests were called the most significant gathering of indian people in decades .
car had three people in it and flipped on the way in spokane   washington . one of the vehicle 's occupants is in critical condition and two others are injured . the cause of the crash is unknown .
blogs podcasts search magnifiying glass search icon the mighty 790 kfgo on facebook facebook logo the mighty 790 kfgo on twitter twitter logo we noticed that your browser is blocking ads - please be aware that our station 's live stream may also be disabled by adblockers . the corps had given permission to pipeline developer energy transfer partners   but in september it said more analysis was warranted in the wake of american indian concerns . tribal officials have expressed repeated concerns over the risk that a pipeline rupture could pose to its water supply and treaty rights .
the pipeline would save money for oil producers in north dakota   many of whom ship their crude oil in rail cars across canada and the northern united states . the reduction in oil transported by rail would also bring down rates for transporting grain out of south dakota . railroads that   with little competition   have been charging hefty rates .
the 1 800 kilometre long pipeline project passes through sacred lands and waterways of the standing rock sioux tribe who oppose the development . the group is targeting the td bank for good reason . the protestors presented td with petitions that they say have been signed by hundreds of thousands of people from around the world .
financial disclosure forms released earlier this year show trump has a stake in energy transfer partners   the texas-based firm behind the pipeline   and phillips 66   which will hold a share of the project once completed . the long-running protest has unified native american tribes against the project   with repeated clashes between protesters and police .
non-violent indigenous people opposed to the dakota access pipeline . people exercising their human rights to assemble   pray and speak out have been brutally arrested   shot with rubber bullets   drenched in tear gas   and sprayed with water in freezing temperatures . the situation could deteriorate this weekend after the governor of north dakota and the army corps of engineers have ordered people to leave the oceti sakowin camp .
nunavut 's 2016 arctic winter games uniforms were unveiled in iqaluit this afternoon . federal judge has heard testimony in the standing rock sioux tribe 's request to temporarily block the construction of a four-state oil pipeline near their reservation . she 's worked as a reporter and with cbc 's investigative unit .
prev previous link president obama : thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline .
at a press conference thursday   north dakota highway patrol lieutenant tom iverson said 33 people were arrested . since the eviction notice was delivered   44 people have been arrested . iverson said cleanup has not started   as they are waiting to make sure the camp is cleared before continuing the cleanup process .
about the dapl protest the trump administration has advanced the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipeline projects . feb. 22 : what the completed dakota access pipeline means for key players . and that native americans also took time out for traditional ceremonies related to the weather . frozen ground also is making it difficult for people to remove tent stakes .
former army officer who rallied thousands of veterans to standing rock . meet the former army officer who rallied thousands of veterans to standing rock . meet the former army officer who rallied thousands of veterans to standing rock .
sioux z   who lost sight in one of her eyes when she was struck by a teargas canister . she said standing rock is a call for all americans   not just indigenous people .
if the 1 172-mile-long pipeline is completed   it would send 470 000 barrels of crude oil under the missouri river each day . if the 1 172-mile-long pipeline is completed   it would send 470 000 barrels of crude oil under the missouri river each day . on friday night   us attorney general loretta lynch announced that the department of justice has been in constant talks with both sides hoping to reduce tensions . meanwhile   the transition team with president-elect donald trump said on thursday that he fully supports the project .
six employees were cleaning a pipeline at the paradis pipeline station on thursday night . the cause of the explosion is still under investigation . sixty homes were evacuated and highways were being diverted around the area in paradis   which is about 30 miles west of new orleans .
clark jr. is a 47-year-old writer   political commentator   and activist based in california . protesters against the construction of the dakota access oil pipeline block a highway in near cannon ball   n.d.   on wednesday   oct. 26   2016 . in 1877   the u.s. government initiated the still ongoing process of chipping away and dividing the land it had granted to the people of the lakota and dakota nations .
protesters include various native american tribes as well as environmentalists and even actors including shailene woodley . state officials issued an order on monday for activists to vacate the oceti sakowin camp . the state 's latest decision not to stop cars entering the protest site indicated local officials will not actively enforce monday 's emergency order to evacuate the camp issued by governor jack dalrymple .
aerial view shows the darkened ground of an oil spill which shut down the keystone pipeline between canada and the united states . trump has argued that the 830 000-barrel pipeline would serve as an extension of the existing keystone system linking alberta oil to u.s. refineries . it is not allowed to consider the potential of spills as the project already has an environmental permit .
the pipeline   which would carry oil from north dakota to illinois   is mostly finished except for a section that will run more than 90 feet beneath lake oahe   a reservoir on the missouri river . yesterday   a federal judge rejected a fresh bid by the cheyenne river sioux and the standing rock sioux to block the project . more recently   abandoned vehicles have also become a concern .
yessenia funes may 10   2017   in washington   d.c.   to protest the keystone xl pipeline . the surge pump is connected to a tank that is used to store crude oil during regular operation of the line and it physically pushes oil through the line . the standing rock sioux tribe has been clear about its concerns regarding what a spill could do to local drinking water and sacred sites .
the same day the group announced its initiative   state officials threatened to impose fines and block supplies from reaching a nearby camp where protesters reside . the veterans will protest through the december 5 deadline the army corps placed on the sioux tribe to vacate .
ne winds at 10 to 20 mph   decreasing to less than 5 mph . ne winds at 10 to 20 mph   decreasing to less than 5 mph . then partly cloudy   chilly weather early saturday as campfires burned at the nearby camp .
the explosion occurred at 5:45 p.m. wednesday near the main square in the town of 15 000 people in central illinois . explosion occurred at 5:45 p.m. wednesday near the main square in the town of 15 000 people in central illinois . quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes .
trump has vowed to cancel obama 's climate action plan . memos were subject to terms and conditions to be negotiated by the united states . shares of energy transfer partners and transcanada rose more than 3.5 percent on tuesday .
the cause of the spill is still not known   said wendy owen   spokeswoman for true companies   which owns the belle fourche pipeline . the leak occurred just 150 miles from the site of protests against the dakota pipeline . the spill happened as pipeline companies such as energy transfer partners   which saw the dakota access halted in december by the u.s. government .
natasha geiling twitter apr 16   2018   8:00 am share facebook twitter email sms whatsapp share us veterans and native americans hold hands in prayer and solidarity on the edge of the standing rock sioux reservation on december 4   2016 outside cannon ball   north dakota . in the last few years   state lawmakers across the country have proposed bills that would impose harsh penalties on environmental protest . the current wave of state-level anti-pipeline protest legislation has largely been seen as a response to the standing rock protests of 2016 .
eric scott pickard the standing rock protest against the dakota access pipeline . the injury is so severe that she may lose her arm   and in the best case scenario . the escalation of violence at the standing rock protest   among the most dramatic is the case of sophia wilansky   an environmental activist from new york .
natasha geiling twitter apr 16   2018   8:00 am share facebook twitter email sms whatsapp share us veterans and native americans hold hands in prayer and solidarity on the edge of the standing rock sioux reservation on december 4   2016 outside cannon ball   north dakota . in the last few years   state lawmakers across the country have proposed bills that would impose harsh penalties on environmental protest . the current wave of state-level anti-pipeline protest legislation has largely been seen as a response to the standing rock protests of 2016 .
the ruling may establish some important precedents   particularly around environmental justice and treaty rights . the dakota access pipeline runs 1 100 miles across much of the great plains   connecting the bakken oil formation in north dakota to a refinery and second pipeline in illinois . oil began flowing through the pipeline earlier this month .
subscribe today to be the first to know about breaking news and special reports . the roadblock   composed in part of burned-out trucks   has blocked the main route to the city of bismarck since late october . authorities spray water over dakota access pipeline protesters in freezing temperatures sunday night   nov. 20   2016 .
more than 100 protesters gathered at the intersection of east main and memorial highway . authorities say two people were arrested after refusing to leave . this morning law enforcement issued a phone alert to residents   warning them about the presence of protesters .
a group of 31 environmental organizations sent joint letter to the white house asking president obama to halt construction of the dakota access pipeline   a 1 168-mile oil pipeline that would connect bakken oil to refineries in illinois . but there are several problems with the route   which have raised the ire of environmentalists   local communities   and native tribes . dakota access moves through the ancestral land of the standing rock sioux tribe   and the tribe has mounted an energetic protest against the project .
facebook twitter pinterest it is unclear how long the delay will last or whether it will survive under trump . the pipeline company did not immediately respond to requests for comment . on saturday   a man in a white pickup truck brandished a gun and fired into the air during a confrontation with protesters and fired his weapon into the air .
hundreds took part in months-long protests against the multi-billion dollar oil pipeline project that critics said would damage native american cultural sites and could have disastrous environmental consequences . may receive a percentage of sales for items purchased from these links .
over 1 000 young people protested against the keystone xl pipeline . during the protest   almost 400 were arrested after zip-tieing themselves to the white house fence . in january   trump had breathed new life into the pipeline project that had been stopped under obama   asking transcanada to submit a new application .
commissioners voted in a meeting to make the trip   after david archambault ii   chairman of the standing rock sioux tribe . the commission is the independent   bipartisan federal civil rights watchdog group   established by the 1957 civil rights act . the visit follows two weeks of mounting tensions at standing rock .
most native americans in the camp say they are always peaceful and in prayer . as the oceti camp has swelled to thousands of people in recent weeks . as the oceti camp has swelled to thousands of people in recent weeks   tensions have risen over how to win the months-long effort .
please log in   or sign up for a new account to continue reading . we hope that you continue to enjoy our free content . re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access .
the army corps wrote to the standing rock sioux tribe   ordering the closure of camps on its land   north of the cannonball river . on friday   the army corps wrote to the standing rock sioux reservation and close to the site where the dakota access pipeline is slated to cross under the missouri river . allard said the announcement was an obvious ploy to help support the pipeline corporation .
jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists mike mcfeely . ptfs sets dates for ` funky little christmas ' shows in fargo sexton to return to fargo for sanctuary show anderson cooper . activists tell emotionally charged tale of greed and misbehavior by corporate and government officials .
the leak was in the keystone pipeline located in an agricultural area in marshall county . there have been no reports of the oil entering any waterways or water systems at this time . the pipeline has been shut down and the leak has been covered . an emergency response plan has been activated to get more staff and contractors to the site for clean up .
the pine ridge reservation has the shortest life expectancy of any community in the western hemisphere outside haiti . many oglala lakota have already played a key part in the pipeline opposition . most of the youth have been supporting their elders from afar until now .
the route has been the subject of months of protests by the standing rock sioux tribe and others . the federal government has ordered people to leave the main encampment   which is on army corps of engineers ' land .
bakken oil is expected to flow through the dakota pipeline near the standing rock sioux reservation . as of this week   bakken oil is expected to flow through the dakota access pipeline under lake oahe near the standing rock sioux reservation .
the u.s. commission on civil rights says it would send commissioners to north dakota . those who have not cleared out by monday could be arrested   authorities said . those who have not cleared out by monday could be arrested .
download audio the crow creek sioux tribe has two legal agreements with the state of south dakota . one is a memorandum of understanding with the south dakota highway patrol . but a standing agreement with north dakota for law enforcement support when required means they could be sent back if requested .
joe heim joe heim   a member of the blackfeet nation of montana   has been at the camp off and on since early last year . the standing rock sioux tribe has joined a motion by the cheyenne river sioux tribe to halt the drilling site . the rising waters   and a federal eviction notice for feb. 22   have forced their hands .
the project could proceed   their decision was initially seen as a hard-won validation for president trump and the american laborer . transcanada   the pipeline company   later issued a short statement that did not say whether it would move forward with construction   leaving people on both sides of the issue unsure of how to react . transcanada had already paid many landowners along the preferred route for access to their properties .
the us army corps of engineers rejected the permit that the project needed for its completion . but on tuesday   trump signed a series of directives aimed at speeding up the pipeline 's approval process . those reviews are seen by many government agencies like the environmental protection agency .
the fort yates intake which has been so frequently cited by those opposed to the dakota access pipeline will be shut down by the end of the year . if all goes according to plans currently in place   the fort yates intake   which is nearest the dakota access pipeline crossing   is slated to be shut down . back in 2002 serious drought conditions lowered water levels in the missouri river system to the point where the fort yates intake had problems .
thousands of native americans and allies have convened in cannonball   nd to support the standing rock sioux tribe as they resist the construction of the pipeline . now at citibank   organizers have delivered a letter and are chanting while holding banners and signs inside the branch   interrupting business . supporters outside the branch are handing out fliers to passersby that explain how citibank is profiting from the dakota access pipeline .
the swedish bank nordea said it would not back the pipeline if the corporation violated the demands of the standing rock tribe . the financial challenges for energy transfer come at a time when the company is already in a precarious economic situation due to broader industry trends .
lawyers for the standing rock sioux tribe will file a motion this week asking a federal judge to rule on the legality of the project . and a separate tribe is suing against the pipeline on religious grounds   saying it threatens water sacred to american indians . tribes in the region say oahe has both practical and religious purposes . but the tribes are shifting their strategy now that the trump administration has issued an easement allowing construction of the pipeline span under the lake .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
a spill of 5 000 barrels took place yet again in south dakota on november 16 . the company still has not disclosed the cause as it continues the clean-up . the extension was approved by us president donald trump in march .
the pipeline developer energy transfer partners announced earlier this month that it started shipping oil to customers . etp maintains that the 1 200-mile pipeline is safe   but the standing rock cheyenne river   yankton and oglala sioux tribes in the dakotas fear environmental harm .
the u.s. army corps of engineers in early december said it would not approve an easement for further construction on the pipeline to bridge lake oahe in north dakota . several derailments of trains carrying oil from north dakota proved deadly over the past few years . donald trump   who is slated to assume the u.s. presidency in mid-january   told fox news during the weekend he 'd step into the process if it 's required .
shares of calgary   alberta-based enbridge closed up 3.7 percent in toronto . pipeline bottlenecks have steepened a price discount for western canadian heavy crude this year . refiners in minnesota and surrounding states say line 3 is necessary to increase crude supplies .
the corps of engineers has established a free speech zone on land south of the cannonball river for anyone wishing to peaceably protest the dakota access pipeline project   subject to the rules of 36 c.f.r. part 327 . additionally   any tribal government that sponsors such illegal activity is assuming the risk for those persons who remain on these lands .
media network screenshot the standing rock sioux tribe released a documentary . there are scenes of police responding violently to the water protectors in north dakota . kennedy is senior attorney and president of the waterkeeper alliance .
more than 250 activists have been arrested over the past two years . the proposed aim pipeline route will run from lambertville   new jersey to boston   massachusetts . not only will run under the hudson river   it will also run within 100 feet -lrb- 30 meters -rrb- from the indian point nuclear power plant .
the top fundraising page was the support victims of pulse shooting . the pipeline would carry oil from the bakken formation in western north dakota to illinois   where it would be shipped to market in the gulf coast . protesters fear a possible leak would pollute the missouri river and standing rock 's water source .
witnesses claim the police used water cannon during the freezing night . the conduit is meant to bring up to 570 000 barrels of crude oil daily from fracking fields in north dakota to illinois   passing through territory that historically has belonged to native americans .
a study by the u.s. army corps of engineers found spills would likely be too small to be toxic   and that the company   energy transfer partners   plans to monitor water quality . inside a large canvas geodesic dome that serves as a meeting area and overnight shelter   melaine stoneman   a camp medic   gave a dozen and a half new arrivals an orientation on etiquette and safety . people inhabit the oceti sakowin camp   the largest of the standing rock encampments .
koehler became aware of the protestors shortly after they captured public attention this spring . the standing rock tribe is protesting the pipeline on the grounds that it would disturb sacred sites   infringe on tribal sovereignty . the pipeline would cross under the missouri river in two locations .
the us army has been protesting since april against the pipeline which is near a reservation . the multi-billion dollar pipeline is nearly 1 200 miles -lrb- 1 900 km -rrb- long . it is nearly complete except for the lake section .
the standing rock sioux tribe is declaring victory after the united states army announced sunday -lrb- 04.12.2016 -rrb- that it will not allow construction to begin on a planned pipeline project through native american lands . but with the unprecedented decision likely to be reversed by the incoming administration of president-elect donald trump   environmentalists are torn over whether to tell protesters at the massive protest camp that has built up in a tribal area over past months to stand down . studies for alternative routes will likely take several months .
please log in   or sign up for a new account to continue reading . we hope that you continue to enjoy our free content . re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access .
log in or activate your account to discover fast   unlimited access . log in or activate your account . please call 800-472-2273 to upgrade your subscription . tonight partly cloudy early followed by cloudy skies overnight .
seven of the cases involve misdemeanor charges that are still pending . jenni monet   the latest journalist arrested while covering pipeline protests . she is charged with trespassing and engaging in a riot   both class b misdemeanors .
report from the institute for energy economics and financial analysis and sightline institute states that the project has a deadline before losses will be felt . that was an initial in-service target date . the company currently has equipment on site and ready to drill under the water to complete the north dakota portion of the four-state pipeline .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
the oil spill was first discovered last monday   december 5   2016 . the spill came from a six-inch pipeline built in the 1980s   which transports 1 000 barrels of oil per day . the spill personifies exactly the reason they have fought for many months to stop the access pipeline .
the army corps of engineers launched that study in the final week of the obama administration . that environmental review could be lengthy   slowing down an already stalled permit process . the white house says it wants to sit down with all sides in the conflict to negotiate a solution .
the two rivers camp   located south of marfa near the border   has attracted dozens of demonstrators in its first week to protest the trans-pecos pipeline   a 148-mile project on track to transport fracked natural gas through the big bend region to mexico . citing concerns about damage to the environment and sacred indigenous sites . reports of intense police brutality and mistreatment in north dakota have also inspired people to fight back .
the spill happened 150 miles from the dakota access pipeline protests . some of the oil is still trapped beneath the creek which is now frozen . over the past decade   true companies has declared 36 other spills   leaking some 320 000 gallons of petroleum products .
journalist jenni monet   a member of the pueblo of laguna in new mexico   has been covering the standing rock situation since last summer . the tribe feels any violation of this step is unlawful and disregards treaty rights that have been acknowledged by the u.s. army .
tribes have charged that the pipeline violates environmental   treaty   and cultural rights . numerous tribes have charged that the way for energy transfer partners to pump in crude oil once construction was finished .
video shows people standing on both sides of the cannonball river near the highway 1806 bridge . investigators say the whitetail buck was struggling in the river   pulled to shore and apparently killed by stabbing it . callers can remain anonymous and there may be a reward for any convictions .
gail wischmann retired as a sergeant nov. 1st after 34 years . she claims laney threatened her ; believing she has information that could be damaging to him . he 's spent much of the last several months acting as incident commander at the dakota access pipeline protests south of mandan . more from local jury chosen for william hoehn trial   opening statements wed. morning congressional debate wed. on kfgo   10-11 a.m. .
shaneen robinson-desjarlais national news it began with a handful of people from the standing rock sioux tribe . they set up camp in protest of the dakota access pipeline that would cut through their ancestral lands . until last sunday   when the united states army corps of engineers put a stop the final permit to continue construction .
sen. cory booker has urged to investigate the police tactics used against protesters at the standing rock site in north dakota . the marchers then followed a route that took them by the trump international hotel   the white house   and on to the national mall   where the pipeline is being built . keepseagle   who said the rally was organized in about two weeks   expressed surprise at the number of people who had turned out for the event .
keystone xl oil pipelines is in a flood plain   and heavy snow could pose dangers when it starts melting . transcanada   the calgary-based project owner   has said it would be interested in reviving the pipeline . the orders will likely have an immediate impact in north dakota .
spokesman says billionaire will consider restarting project to push pipeline under native american tribe 's water supply . trump 's transition team met with north dakota senator john hoeven   who also supports the project . other honchos have urged trump to chose industry over indigenous people .
the corps of engineers is part of the department of the army . the conflicts along 1 172 miles of the dakota access pipeline   the site of months of clashes near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . nov. 23   2016 president-elect donald j. trump   has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment .
a group of indian affairs did not respond to a request for comment . the plan dovetails with trump 's larger aim of slashing regulation to boost energy production . it could deeply divide native american leaders   who worked on indian affairs in the reagan administration .
julie fedorchak   the chair of the commission   had accused dakota access of violating two provisions of its construction order . the firm adjusted the pipeline route   but did not file any certifications with the state . but the deals are on hold now that the u.s. army corps of engineers has denied an easement for the pipeline to cross the missouri river at lake oahe .
the group worries that its investments in the banks could be hurt by a public backlash against the project through legal action or boycotts . the pipeline from north dakota to illinois is almost complete . hay un problema para procesar tu solicitud ; por favor intenta nuevamente .
a federal judge declared the dapl permits to be illegal   and ordered the corps to take a fresh look at the risks of an oil spill and the impacts to the tribe and its treaty rights . the tribe will be reviewing this decision closely   and determine how best to proceed in close consultation with our membership   staff   and advisors .
north dakota lawmakers are planning to radically constrict the right of dapl opponents   including veterans   to demonstrate against the project . but each of the proposed penalties would impact protesters who have gathered en masse along the pipeline route . more than 550 people are awaiting trial for standing rock protests that happened last year .
us actress shailene woodley has reached a plea deal over her involvement . she has now signed a document agreeing to plead guilty to misdemeanour disorderly conduct . the pipeline project has been highly controversial and drawn huge protests . native americans say it will desecrate sacred land and damage the environment .
the pipeline rupture spilled about 176 000 gallons of oil   about 130 000 gallons of which flowed into ash coulee creek . it appears no oil got into the little missouri   and no drinking water sources were threatened . true cos. has a history of oil field-related spills in north dakota and montana   including a january 2015 pipeline break into the yellowstone river .
authorities will close the area north of the cannonball river   including the oceti sakowin camp   about 40 miles south of bismarck . they fear it would pollute the missouri river and harm sacred cultural lands and tribal burial grounds . the pipeline project was delayed in september when the obama administration temporarily blocked it from crossing under the missouri river .
the army corps attempted more than a dozen times in a two-year period to discuss the route with standing rock   but the tribe failed to respond in time . the army corps attempted more than a dozen times in a two-year period to discuss the route with standing rock   but the tribe failed to respond in time . how the army corps attempted more than a dozen times in a two-year period to discuss the route with standing rock   which has run its share of anti-dapl pieces .
president trump announced two executive orders that will advance the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines . us tonight as we stand with indigenous leaders and climate activists   commit to the fight ahead and show that these pipelines will not be built without a fight . it could be a little while before we know the exact timing of construction .
amber mahoney and kate bould traveled to standing rock in north dakota to spend time with the water protectors who have been   and continue to   peacefully resist the dakota access pipeline . cable 24 hours a day and apple tv too .
dnb announced in november that it would review its participation in the financing of the energy transfer partners lp project . it will move crude oil from the northern plains to the midwest and then on to the gulf of mexico .
feb 16 feb 16 access pipeline protest camps deteriorating seven summit society   politics & government   world news . the crisis emerged when high temperatures led to melting snow on frozen ground   which could potentially submerge the camp because it rests on a floodplain . as a result   the governor called for federal assistance in cleaning up the campsite in the form of the army corps .
sophia wilansky was one of several hundred protesters injured during the standoff . the tribe fears the pipeline will jeopardise their water supply and say that construction has disturbed sacred burial grounds . most of the injured had hypothermia after being hit by a water cannon in below-freezing weather .
the us army corps of engineers rejected the permit that the project needed for its completion . but on tuesday   trump signed a series of directives aimed at speeding up the pipeline 's approval process .
most americans   including the news media   were largely unaware of what was unfolding in north dakota   transfixed as they were by the presidential campaign . instead of deterring new pipeline opponents from joining them   the violence perpetrated on the protestors continued and brought new protestors streaming into north dakota .
since the initial decision to stop the pipeline   sioux tribal leaders had asked that protesters leave the camp site where the opposition had been staying . however   with trump 's new order   that directive may be rescinded . it seems highly probable that protesters will now be asked to stay or return to the camp site .
cleveland browns 13h dan graziano best and worst qbs of week 2 : allen   darnold disastrous in losses 11h seth walder and hank gargiulo fantasy intel for all 32 nfl teams ahead of week 3 22h mike clay divisional rankings . canelo now the top middleweight 10h dan rafael fantasy hoops mock draft .
the army corps will undertake an environmental impact statement and look for alternative routes . while the news is a victory   jan hasselman   an attorney for the tribe   cautioned that the decision could be appealed . for months   they have protested over their fears that the pipeline would contaminate their water source and destroy sacred sites   and with nightfall a few fireworks burst above the tents and campfires .
the sioux tribe thanked federal officials for listening to them . instead   it will begin conducting environmental impact studies to choose the best alternate route . in their own statement   the sioux tribe thanked federal officials for listening to them . we thank the tribal youth who initiated this movement .
veterans flocked to standing rock to back the protesters demonstrating against plans to route the dakota access pipeline beneath the reservation . you are now following this newsletter . see all newsletters . you are now following this newsletter .
protesters also reported being hit with rubber bullets and percussion grenades . one person was arrested   according to the sheriffs department . one hundred sixty-seven people were injured and seven were taken to the hospital . the violence comes at a difficult time for indigenous activists at the camps .
bi intelligence edition menu icon a vertical stack of three evenly spaced horizontal lines . registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our terms of service   privacy policy and cookies . after the obama administration denied the company a key permit to finish construction   native american activists warned that the win was only temporary and that trump   an investor in the pipeline corporation   would seek to quickly advance the project next year .
keystone xl oil pipelines is in a flood plain   and heavy snow could pose dangers when it starts melting . transcanada   the calgary-based project owner   has said it would be interested in reviving the pipeline . the orders will likely have an immediate impact in north dakota .
indigenous people of the camp broke out into tribal victory dances . welden johnson   a member of the colorado river indian tribes   had traveled to standing rock to show solidarity with the lakota sioux people . the order effectively halts all construction going forward until further environmental reviews for alternative routes are conducted .
standing rock tribe   which has fought the pipeline corporation energy transfer partners and the us government in court   has argued that the project requires a full environmental study to assess the risks of the pipeline . the spill was relatively minor and was caused by a mechanical failure at a surge pump . standing rock sioux tribe chairman dave archambault ii said the spill is another sign that the courts should intervene .
tim mentz sr. took to youtube to tell the world about the destruction of his cultural heritage . he was upset and spoke rapidly about the area behind him   an expanse of the great plains cut by a new 150-foot-wide road . two days before   mentz had testified to the d.c. district court to report the area that lay in the path of the controversial dakota access pipeline .
the proposed laws would variously increase the penalties for protesting in large groups . more than 1 000 people camped in standing rock for months in an attempt to stop the construction of the pipeline . both bills were seen as reactions to protests against the dakota access pipeline .
the oglala sioux tribe has filed a lawsuit calling for the army corps of engineers to stop construction of the pipeline until an environmental impact statement is completed . the oglala sioux tribe has entered the legal fray against the dakota access pipeline .
oil producers in canada and north dakota are expected to benefit from a quicker route for crude oil to u.s. gulf coast refiners . the tribe   which has fought to stop the pipeline since last year   won a major victory last month when the government denied energy transfer partners lp the right to run the pipeline under lake oahe . the tribe also warned that the camp itself might contaminate the river if hit by heavy flooding in march .
the wealthy backers of the pipeline already admitted that construction crews dug up tribal artifacts and waited 10 days to notify the state . a december 16 memo   first reported by the associated press   notes that dakota access has repeatedly told the public that it has fully complied with applicable laws .
the u.s. army corps of engineers manages the federal land where the main camp protesting the dakota access pipeline is located   said it would close public access to the area north of the cannonball river . it said this was partly to protect the general public from violent confrontations between protesters and law enforcement that have occurred in the area . the 1 172-mile -lrb- 1 885-km -rrb- project is mostly complete except for the segment planned to run under lake oahe less than half a mile north of standing rock .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
jack dalrymple says requests for reimbursement from the federal government have been unsuccessful so far . north dakota and local governments have shouldered most of the expenses . governor jack dalrymple says requests for reimbursement from the federal government have been unsuccessful so far . north dakota and local governments have shouldered most of the expenses .
donald trump issued an executive order yesterday ordering that construction on the dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- continue . the order not only violates the rights of the people of standing rock   but it also violates the current order from the army corps of engineers to halt construction while a true environmental impact study is completed .
about 30 people holding signs and banners gathered on a dirt road leading to the construction site   blocking workers and work vehicles from driving down the road for about half an hour . the workers   all of whom were brought in from out of state   were attempting to bore hole drill under the santa fe river to create a path for the pipeline . it is believed that other vehicles and equipment were also unable to access the site due to the blockade .
the u.s. army corp handed the native community a victory by denying the permit for the final construction of the dakota access pipeline . the plans for forced removal and blockades were eventually abandoned as the camps swelled to an estimated 10 to 20 000 people during the weekend of december 3rd and 4th .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
robinson meyer feb 1   2017   protesters rally against the dakota access pipeline . it will not remove the last legal hurdle   however . the standing rock sioux tribe said it would sue to block the pipeline .
divest l.a. organized friday 's march and rally   singling out the bank for its part in funding the pipeline project . the pipeline goes over sacred native american land and threatens the water supply to millions of people . organizers say the pipeline goes over sacred ties with wells fargo .
desmog reported in october 2016   tigerswan maintains offices in both iraq and afghanistan . it has opened up vast new federally subsidized markets by normalizing the idea that local police departments   no matter how small   need vast arsenals of military gear .
bnp said it made the decision after a review of the project and consulting with all of its stakeholders . after the pipeline was approved   lingering protestors cleared the encampment occupied since august at the edge of the standing rock sioux reservation near cannon ball .
the planned pipeline will transport 470 000 barrels of oil per day 1 172 miles from north dakota to illinois . protesters called for a stop of the pipeline construction which will pass upstream from the standing rock sioux nation . 2016-12-01 this is licensed under a creative commons attribution license .
alamy stock photo more than 40 catholic institutions are to announce the largest ever faith-based divestment from fossil fuels . please choose your username under which you would like all your comments to show up . you can only set your username once .
a spokeswoman for etp   vicki granado   said the bayou bridge pipeline extension was announced in june 2015 . if approved   the project will run though 11 parishes and 700 bodies of water   including wells that reportedly provide drinking water for some 300 000 families . at the public hearing in baton rouge on thursday   the first speaker   cory farber   project manager of the bayou bridge pipeline   said it was expected to create 2 500 temporary jobs .
1 172-mile dakota access pipeline would carry 470 000 barrels of crude oil a day across four states . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that wo n't stop them . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that the army will not approve an easement that would allow the proposed dakota access pipeline to cross under lake oahe in north dakota .
nearly 40 people since monday   the billings gazette says . lorraine chow   ecowatch 21 january 17 he fight to stop the dakota access pipeline . just this week law enforcement used tear gas and fired bean-bag rounds to disperse crowds . but that 's not the only concerning news story developing around the controversial project .
a federal judge ruled that the federal permits authorizing the pipeline to cross the missouri river just upstream of the standing rock reservation . the pipeline would carry up to 570 000 barrels a day of crude oil from the bakken oil fields in north dakota to illinois where it links with another pipeline that will transport the oil to terminals and refineries along the gulf of mexico .
about 2 000 people remain in the camp   down from the nearly 5 000 who were there when the army corps announcement came . they are determined to keep their voices heard and stand guard as the political winds shift even stronger against them . they spoke of a resolve to stick together   to take care of each other   to remain vigilant until the fight is truly won .
instructions for signing up and claiming your comment history are located here . updated rules for commenting are here . view the discussion thread . i do n't care . it quickly fell apart . all rights reserved .
the corps of engineers is part of the department of the army . the conflicts along 1 172 miles of the dakota access pipeline   the site of months of clashes near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . nov. 23   2016 president-elect donald j. trump   has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment .
the project was shelved during the obama administration   but restarted after president trump signed an executive order to fast track it shortly after he took office . the two groups were separated by a heavy police contingent . the event has been widely publicized on social media gaining thousands of shares .
rogers media supports the digital advertising alliance principles . by continuing to use our service   you agree to our use of cookies . continued site use signifies consent to customize its online advertisements   and for other purposes .
the leak took place on april 6 and was quickly contained . jan hasselman   an attorney representing the standing rock sioux tribe   has been fighting against this pipeline for years   expressed disappointment and again   stressed the need for a closer environmental assessment . the pipeline is expected to be fully operational and ready to go on june 1 .
the new water treatment plant is located 70 miles away from the pipeline further down the missouri river . in addition   the pipeline is set to be buried 92 feet under the riverbed   further reducing the odds of water supply contamination .
the desecration of these ancient places has already caused the standing rock sioux irreparable harm . the release states that the motion would put a stop to additional work on the pipeline about two miles west of highway 1806 until the judge issues a ruling on the previous motion to stop construction . the desecration of these ancient places has already caused the standing rock sioux irreparable harm .
lake oahe is the water source for the standing rock sioux tribe . developers argue there are seven pipelines that already cross lake oahe and the new pipeline will be safe . the pipeline under lake oahe is the final stretch of the 1 200-mile project .
standing rock tribe   which has fought the pipeline corporation energy transfer partners and the us government in court   has argued that the project requires a full environmental study to assess the risks of the pipeline . the spill was relatively minor and was caused by a mechanical failure at a surge pump . standing rock sioux tribe chairman dave archambault ii said the spill is another sign that the courts should intervene .
parked in quiet lot near his home in cannon ball   north dakota . chairman drew line graph representing history of his tribe . but the movement has become the face of the internationally recognized battle to stop the pipeline .
the construction of this pipeline is meant to transport domestically produced crude oil from north dakota to major refining markets in a more cost-effective way . green party presidential candidate jill stein joined in on the movement and was charged with misdemeanor counts of criminal trespass .
the army corps wrote to the standing rock sioux tribe   ordering the closure of camps on its land   north of the cannonball river . on friday   the army corps wrote to the standing rock sioux reservation and close to the site where the dakota access pipeline is slated to cross under the missouri river . allard said the announcement was an obvious ploy to help support the pipeline corporation .
the sioux tribe thanked federal officials for listening to them . instead   it will begin conducting environmental impact studies to choose the best alternate route . in their own statement   the sioux tribe thanked federal officials for listening to them . we thank the tribal youth who initiated this movement .
the 178-mile pilgrim pipeline would deliver up to 200 000 barrels of bakken crude oil a day from albany   new york to the bayway refinery in linden . gasoline and heating oil would be sent back up to new york . bakken crude oil is highly flammable and toxic to the environment . the army also wants to see a full environmental impact statement regarding the project .
regan   who has regularly visited standing rock and is the executive director of the civil liberties defense center in oregon   said she learned of three cases in which officers with the taskforce   known as the jttf   tried to talk to activists in person . the three individuals   who include a native american and a non-indigenous activist   asserted their fifth amendment rights .
the standing rock sioux tribe and cheyenne river sioux tribe will likely sue and ask for a temporary restraining order to halt construction while the legality of this decision is reviewed in court . the indigenous coalition at standing rock is calling for an international day of emergency actions to disrupt business as usual and unleash a global intersectional resistance to fossil fuels and fascism .
no law enforcement officers or pipeline contractors were injured . the man   whose identity was not immediately released   reportedly brandished a weapon at officers after the chase   according to capt. the incident began at about 9 a.m. sunday when the marion county sheriff 's office received a report of someone shooting at the pipeline and the equipment in the 12500 block of state road 200 near dunnellon . the driver then got out of the truck and threatened officers with a weapon .
the ancient cairns and stone prayer rings there can not be replaced . while a short portion of the pipeline construction has been halted by the obama administration until this survey can be done   construction continues elsewhere on the pipeline . more background on the resistance to dapl below the fold .
resistance against dapl was much like resistance against the keystone xl pipeline . in 2014   a series of spirit camps   much like sacred stone camp   were also erected in the path of the keystone xl pipeline .
blogs podcasts search magnifiying glass search icon the mighty 790 kfgo on facebook facebook logo the mighty 790 kfgo on twitter twitter logo we noticed that your browser is blocking ads - please be aware that our station 's live stream may also be disabled by adblockers . the tribes sued last summer on other grounds   including that it threatened cultural sites and water supply . the tribes raised the religion argument in february   after the trump administration cleared the way for final pipeline construction .
the group is fine-tuning an economic argument it hopes will resonate better in this politically conservative state than the environmental concerns that dominated the successful push to block keystone under former president barack obama . they contend the pipeline will provide mainly temporary jobs that will vanish once construction ends   and limited tax revenues that will decline over time . now tanderup and others are gearing up for another round of battle .
trump gives green light to keystone   dakota access pipelines on tuesday . read the presidential memorandums dakota access pipeline construction of american pipelines the pipelines had been stopped during the obama administration . president obama ordered work halted on the dakota pipeline after native american groups and other activists protested its route near culturally sensitive sites in north dakota .
keystone xl oil pipelines is in a flood plain   and heavy snow could pose dangers when it starts melting . transcanada   the calgary-based project owner   has said it would be interested in reviving the pipeline . the orders will likely have an immediate impact in north dakota .
the pipeline 's construction spurred months of protests and dozens of arrests over its location near the standing rock reservation . boasberg did not immediately rule on whether the flow of oil   which started through the pipeline on june 1   should be stopped . the treatment fell short of the corps ' duty to determine whether the project would have a disproportionate impact on minority and low-income populations .
udall   a democratic senator from new mexico   went on to say that he and native american people from his state understood the importance of the protests . this includes land management and economic development   in addition to other issues .
if built   the 163-mile-long pipeline would stretch across from south louisiana from lake charles . shell started commissioning confidential work about the impact of burning fossil fuels on the global climate as early as 1981 . shell started commissioning confidential work about the impact of burning fossil fuels on the global climate as early as 1981 .
thousands of protesters and members of native nations marched in washington dc to oppose the construction of the proposed 1 172 dakota access pipeline that runs within a half-mile of the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . the final   disputed section of the pipeline would pass under a reservoir that provides water to tribal reservations . on friday   protesters marched from the army corps of engineers headquarters to the white house .
obama shelved proposed 1 200-mile pipeline from canadian province of alberta to nebraska in november 2015 after caving to environmentalists . pipeline was rejected by barack obama and is angrily opposed by a swathe of environmental groups on both sides of the border . the pipeline was rejected by barack obama and is angrily opposed by a swathe of environmental groups on both sides of the border .
supporters say the pipeline will be a safer mode of transportation for the oil than rail or trucks . legal experts have said the standing rock faces long odds in convincing any court to halt work on the pipeline . the army owns the land through its corps of engineers .
the bank is the second largest and important in the north american country . most of the 1 885 kilometre pipeline is completed   except for a section planned to be built under lake oahe   less than a kilometre north of the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota .
one officer was injured when he was hit in the head with a rock . many people were injured when   with temperatures below freezing   police deployed water canons   pepper spray   tear gas   rubber bullets and percussion grenades . kate bubacz is a senior photo editor for buzzfeed news and is based in los angeles .
darcy said the consideration of alternative routes would be best accomplished through an environmental impact statement with full public input and analysis . the following response has just been released by the standing rock sioux tribal chairman dave archambault ii . instead   the corps will be undertaking an environmental impact statement to look at possible alternative routes .
oil producers in canada and north dakota are expected to benefit from a quicker route for crude oil to u.s. gulf coast refiners . but going ahead with the pipelines would mark a bitter defeat for native american tribes and climate activists . even though canada is already the biggest source of u.s. crude imports   boosting the flow from a close ally is seen in washington as a way to improve u.s. energy security .
three of the protestors with the lengthiest prison sentences have accepted plea deals due to the likelihood of unfair trials . the incident occurred in october of 2016 when fallis was protesting the building of the pipeline and law enforcement officers tackled her .
construction is currently on hold while the u.s. army corps of engineers looks for an alternative route . related storythe battle over the dakota access pipeline might not be over just yet the minnesota vikings ' home field is u.s. bank stadium . they dropped down early in the second quarter   despite law enforcement attempts   stayed there until the end of the game .
trump signs oil pipelines constructed in the us should be built with us materials . the decision to advance the pipelines would cast aside decisions by president barack obama 's administration to block construction of the two pipelines . the documents signed by trump are online now but were not provided directly to the tribes or their legal advocates . beyond approving the pipelines   trump has also vowed to slash environmental protection regulations .
energy transfer partners granted permission to proceed with laying the pipeline under a north dakota reservoir on wednesday . the standing rock sioux tribe says the pipeline endangers its drinking water . also on thursday   the cheyenne river sioux filed a legal challenge   asking a federal judge to stall the project 's completion while a lawsuit against the pipeline continues .
the media are clearing out   packing up satellite trucks and heading home . this is big-government decision-making at its worst . i look forward to putting this anti-energy presidency behind us . when the north dakota governor jack dalrymple announced   falsely   that standing rock would be forced to evacuate   reinforcements still came .
plans had called for the pipeline to pass very near the reservation of the standing rock sioux tribe . it was not immediately clear whether the incoming administration would support the decision . what started as a small but fierce protest in a remote spot along the missouri river months ago .
the state 's department of environment and natural resources posted a report in its website 's searchable database . it did n't take any other steps to announce it to the public   despite an ongoing lawsuit by four sioux tribes seeking to shut down the pipeline . the standing rock sioux tribe   which was the initial plaintiff in the lawsuit   said the leak proves the pipeline is a threat to its water and cultural sites .
matt musselwhite   a carpenter   arrived at the camps just a few days ago with the components for several tiny houses in tow   along with several other sorely-needed items . musselwhite   along with a volunteer teamster trucker   spent three days traveling from oregon to north dakota in a 5-ton flatbed truck . one of the houses will soon become home to mni wiconi   the first baby born at the encampment since the protests began back in april .
legal experts have said the standing rock sioux tribe faces long odds in convincing courts to halt work on the pipeline by liz hampton   reuters on february 9   2017 share on facebook share on reddit stumble upon share via print standing rock protests against the dakota access pipeline . the federal government this week cleared way for the project to resume   leading the standing rock sioux tribe to file a court challenge on thursday seeking a temporary restraining order to stop the 1 170-mile -lrb- 1 885-km -rrb- pipeline .
1 172-mile dakota access pipeline would carry 470 000 barrels of crude oil a day across four states . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that wo n't stop them . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that the army will not approve an easement that would allow the proposed dakota access pipeline to cross under lake oahe in north dakota .
protesters have camped out for months at the oceti camp to protest the proposed 1 170-mile dakota access pipeline . sign up for our daily email . protesters have camped out for months at the oceti sakowin camp to protest the proposed 1 170-mile dakota access pipeline . sign up for our daily email .
indigenous peoples have it right julian brave noisecat published : 4 apr 2017 published . 27 mar 2017 the western idea of private property is flawed . indigenous peoples have it right julian brave noisecat .
the u.s. army corps of engineers   which leases the lands for grazing   has also ordered the camp closed to all public access as of dec. 5 . both explained that the threat of winter to public safety required their action . however   if campers stay   it is at their own risk   officials say .
the 25-year-old outspoken actress spoke with tyt politics on thursday   fighting back tears as she criticized the american holiday . there is no excuse . the authorities will close the area north of the cannonball river   the nyt reports   including the oceti sakowin camp .
notice was given to camp founder ladonna brave bull allard and protesters on thursday . the notice says her beneficial interest does not release her from trespass liability . in recent days   many in the sacred stone camp have moved their yurts and dwellings to higher ground in the same lot .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
edward john   a member of the un permanent forum on indigenous issues   visited the oceti sakowin protest camp and other areas near the confluence of the missouri and cannonball rivers in north dakota . the dapl also represents a continued dependance on fossil fuels   opponents say   which contributes significantly to global climate change .
the demonstration was the first anti-pipeline protest in los angeles since president trump signed executive orders to fast-track construction of the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines . the pipeline projects have become among the country 's most potent symbols of the clash between an oil and gas industry seeking to maintain the old order of energy production and the climate change movement pushing for a different direction .
the activist group digital smoke signals posted live video to facebook of the confrontation . the police said the use of water cannons was in response to protesters starting several fires on the blackwater bridge on highway 1806   just north of a protest camp . protestors also reported being hit with rubber bullets   teargas   pepper spray   and percussion grenades during the clashes .
300 opponents of the dakota access pipeline demonstrated in a north dakota city on thanksgiving day . about 50 officers stood across from the protesters   and the crowd eventually dispersed . in portland   oregon   hundreds of people rallied in the rain thursday to show their solidarity with the standing rock sioux tribe .
nebraska regulators will hear public comment on the project at a 10-hour meeting on wednesday . if they fail   oil will flow through the crumly property   in a grassy strip between where cows wander and corn grows . but opponents in nebraska are betting that they can block the pipeline through other means .
the original estimate was 5 000 barrels . the spill gave further ammunition to environmental groups and other u.s. opponents of another pipeline the company has proposed   the long-delayed keystone xl . keystone has leaked substantially more oil   and more often   in the united states than the company indicated to regulators in risk assessments before operations began in 2010 .
protesters of the dakota access oil pipeline have been gathered for months . the order   issued monday   is effective immediately and will stay in place indefinitely . around the nation upstream from standing rock   tribes balance benefits   risks of oil industry the standing rock sioux tribe says the pipeline construction would disrupt sacred land and could contaminate the water supply .
thousands of indigenous nations and environmental activists descended on washington   d.c. for what they called the native nations rise march and rally . fighting against the construction of the dakota access pipeline   a controversial 1 172 mile-long pipeline that will eventually carry crude oil through north dakota to southern illinois .
the pipeline is capable of carrying 400 000 barrels of oil per day . the company   which announced the project three years ago   has not yet applied for the permit that would define their exact pipeline route . the lunaape worry that a potential pipeline leak would pollute drinking water and sacred sites .
criminal gang was compared by police to an octopus with tentacles across europe and its members were related by blood or marriage . the investigation began when three women were caught trying to break into a property in munich in january 2016 .
log in subscribe today for full access on your desktop   tablet   and mobile device . link has been sent to your friend 's email address . link has been posted to your facebook feed .
thousands of people from across the nation and around the world flocked to north dakota to stand in solidarity with the standing rock sioux tribe . this list includes well-known actors and actresses   such as chris hemsworth   mark ruffalo   and shailene woodley . a dramatic change took place over the first weekend in december of 2016   when over 2 000 veterans arrived at the standing rock protest camps .
getty images this story was updated jan. 24   2017   to reflect president trump 's presidential memorandum to advance construction of the dakota access pipeline . after months of largely peaceful protests by thousands of demonstrators from across the country who congregated at a camp near cannon ball   n.d.   to help bring the dakota access pipeline to a halt . the process could delay construction by a year or more and could involve rerouting the pipeline .
officials fear trash and debris left behind by people who have left in recent weeks might pollute the missouri river and other nearby waterways . the standing rock sioux and others believe a pipeline leak under the missouri river would contaminate water for millions of people . developer energy transfer partners says the pipeline is safe .
authorities will close the area north of the cannonball river   including the oceti sakowin camp   about 40 miles south of bismarck . they fear it would pollute the missouri river and harm sacred cultural lands and tribal burial grounds . the pipeline project was delayed in september when the obama administration temporarily blocked it from crossing under the missouri river .
roughly 20 people went to demand gov. john bel edwards require an environmental impact statement for the proposed crude oil pipeline . the pipeline is owned   in part   by energy transfer partners   the same company behind the dakota access pipeline . the pipeline has received a permit from the state department of natural resources .
the standing rock sioux and cheyenne river sioux tribes have asked boasberg to order dakota access offline during the review . the standing rock sioux and cheyenne river sioux tribes have said they could finish the review by december .
oil patch flaring more topics editorials jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists mike mcfeely to play fargo brewing co. . ptfs sets dates for ` funky little christmas ' shows in fargo sexton to return to fargo for sanctuary show anderson cooper .
u.s. district judge james boasberg told lawyers at a hearing that he wants to issue a ruling before oil begins flowing in the pipeline   which could be weeks away . boasberg is considering a request by the standing rock and cheyenne river sioux tribes to order the army corps of engineers to withdraw permission to lay pipe under lake oahe in north dakota . the pipeline has prompted months of protests and hundreds of arrests .
surveillance women opinion columnists bill blum bill boyarsky juan cole amy goodman chris hedges sonali kolhatkar nomi robert scheer maj. the post . the journalist learned the hard way that the same rules do n't apply at the border   where the government claims the right to search electronic devices without a warrant or any suspicion of wrongdoing . ou said he 's unclear about why he was detained .
regan   who has regularly visited standing rock and is the executive director of the civil liberties defense center in oregon   said she learned of three cases in which officers with the taskforce   known as the jttf   tried to talk to activists in person . the three individuals   who include a native american and a non-indigenous activist   asserted their fifth amendment rights .
jo ellen darcy for her leadership and decision to require the eis . the notice issued today opens the public scoping phase and invites anyone interested . while the eis is exactly what we called for   the final product must be stronger and more broad in scope .
former president barack obama halted the project over serious environmental and cultural concerns raised by the standing rock sioux tribe . many activists traveled to washington   d.c.   from standing rock   where they had been camping out for months in opposition to the dakota access pipeline . in the past   the apa has taken positions on other divisive political issues pertaining to specific groups .
clark jr. is a 47-year-old writer   and activist based in california . the two native american group known collectively as the sioux . in 1877   the u.s. initiated the still ongoing process of chipping away and dividing the land it had granted to the people of the lakota and dakota nations .
trump   who is pro-fossil fuel and is heavily invested in the dakota access pipeline itself   is a major threat to the nodapl protests . though the obama administration halted the pipeline   the 45th president could restart it once more . speaking with now this   standing rock sioux and other supporters shared their view of trump   stating that they are prepared to fight even harder in the coming years .
the state emergency preparedness and response section is seeking assistance with staffing and staging of medical personnel for an ongoing response . no relation tdh reached out to the number that was listed on the email   and the request was confirmed to be authentic .
regan   who has regularly visited standing rock and is the executive director of the civil liberties defense center in oregon   said she learned of three cases in which officers with the taskforce   known as the jttf   tried to talk to activists in person . the three individuals   who include a native american and a non-indigenous activist   asserted their fifth amendment rights .
the keystone pipeline is part of a 2 687-mile system that carries crude oil from alberta to several points in the united states   including illinois . an announcement in nebraska is expected on monday . the pipeline company   transcanada   said in a statement that the south dakota leak was detected around 6 a.m. local time on thursday .
if built   the 163-mile-long pipeline would stretch across from south louisiana from lake charles . shell started commissioning confidential work about the impact of burning fossil fuels on the global climate as early as 1981 . shell started commissioning confidential work about the impact of burning fossil fuels on the global climate as early as 1981 .
the official   maini kiai   is a reputed human rights lawyer . his statement on the protests in north dakota   which are largely being carried out by native americans   was endorsed by a slew of other high-ranking u.n. officials . the pipeline was originally supposed to pass close to north dakota 's capital   populated mostly by residents of european descent .
the corps of engineers is part of the department of the army . the conflicts along 1 172 miles of the dakota access pipeline   the site of months of clashes near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . nov. 23   2016 president-elect donald j. trump   has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment .
the decision came a day before the government 's deadline for the several hundred people at the oceti sakowin   or seven council fires   encampment to leave the federal land . it had no immediate comment sunday . the decision came a day before the government 's deadline for the several hundred veterans gathered about a mile from the main camp for a meeting with organizer wes clark jr. .
critics claim the project violates the 1851 treaty of fort laramie . instead of running just north of bismarck   the pipeline would be rerouted through the standing rock sioux reservation . although the u.s. army corps of engineers recognizes the danger that the pipeline poses a serious threat to the water supply of millions   particularly the indigenous people of standing rock .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
oil producers in canada and north dakota are expected to benefit from a quicker route for crude oil to u.s. gulf coast refiners . but going ahead with the pipelines would mark a bitter defeat for native american tribes and climate activists . even though canada is already the biggest source of u.s. crude imports   boosting the flow from a close ally is seen in washington as a way to improve u.s. energy security .
indigenous opponents of the dakota access pipeline are vowing to stand their ground despite threats of arrest and possible violence . the u.s. army corps of engineers on tuesday refused to extend the wednesday 2 pm gmt deadline for the few hundred remaining water protectors to vacate the oceti sakowin camp   claiming that the camp is at risk of flooding .
the pipeline transports crude from alberta   canada   to refineries in illinois and oklahoma   passing through the eastern dakotas   nebraska   kansas and missouri . it can handle nearly 600 000 barrels   or about 23 million gallons . transcanada says it expected the pipeline to remain shut down as the company responds to the leak .
missouri river native americans nodapl north dakota oceti camp oil sacred stone camp . more than amy read next trump jumps into pipeline fight president donald trump has signed documents to advance the dakota access pipeline . while not unexpected   his actions are met with a mixed response in north dakota .
indigenous peoples have it right julian brave noisecat published : 4 apr 2017 published . 27 mar 2017 the western idea of private property is flawed . indigenous peoples have it right julian brave noisecat .
us denies key permit   who have the backing of the incoming trump administration   have insisted the project would still go ahead . tara houska   a member of the couchiching first nation   was similarly circumspect . nothing indicates for us to pack up and go home . monday was supposed to have been a day of resistance and prayer at the sprawling encampment .
the indigenous activists of standing rock   north dakota   won a major victory on sunday in their battle to halt the dakota access pipeline . in an unprecedented move   the department of the army - under obama 's watch - said it would block construction below the missouri river at lake oahe and force stakeholders to look for alternative routes . but it was n't easy - and the decision could still be overturned under trump .
the us army has been protesting since april against the pipeline which is near a reservation . the multi-billion dollar pipeline is nearly 1 200 miles -lrb- 1 900 km -rrb- long . it is nearly complete except for the lake section .
obama administration has announced at least a short delay before granting the final pipeline permits . but that delay could expire at any moment   adding to the tension in the camp . yes   donald trump will likely overturn the delay . please choose your username under which you would like all your comments to show up .
iraq war veteran alyssa schukar   the new york times   read caption catcher cuts the road   an iraq war veteran   leads a protest march to a sacred burial ground at the standing rock indian reservation in north dakota   sept. 9   2016 . a federal judge on friday denied the standing rock sioux tribe 's efforts to halt the construction of a pipeline skirting the northern edge of the reservation on friday .
crude transmission line was shut after a leak was discovered in a six-inch pipeline operated by belle fourche pipeline company . the spill was earlier estimated to have leaked 4 200 barrels of crude . the incident led to u.s. pipeline regulators ordering the company to improve leak detections   along with other actions .
protesters gather there to protest the dakota access pipeline . activists fighting the project in north dakota said the pipeline threatened drinking water and cultural sites on the nearby reservation . he was raised on the standing rock reservation   and founded the website last website .
protests against the pipeline began in march 2016 and succeeded in temporarily halting the construction in december . within days of his inauguration   president donald trump ordered the army to expedite the review . among the speakers at the rally were standing rock sioux chairman dave archambault ii and us representative tulsi gabbard -lrb- d-hawaii -rrb- .
in november 2016   prime minister trudeau permanently ended the project . in texas   the trans pecos pipeline has been protested by native groups at their two rivers camp . over 160 lawsuits have been filed .
the story should have made clear that a spokesman said mark kennedy was unaware of the proposals and was not involved in the decision not to approve them . the story should have made clear that a spokesman said mark kennedy was unaware of the proposals and was not involved in the decision not to approve them .
north dakota law enforcement backed away from a previous plan to cut off supplies to the camp - an idea quickly abandoned after an outcry and with law enforcement 's treatment of dakota access pipeline protesters increasingly under the microscope . the state 's latest decision not to stop cars entering the protest site indicated local officials will not actively enforce monday 's emergency order to evacuate the camp .
the army   which owns the land on each side of the river   announced on dec. 3 it will deny an easement to energy transfer partners . the tribe and their allies remain committed to waging the battle along several fronts . in the camps around the construction site   thousands of people   including citizens from 300 native american nations   remain gathered in a prayerful and peaceful community .
energy transfer partners lp   the company behind the dakota access oil pipeline   is among those engaged in internal debate over its strategy . but they should be   said brigham mccown   a former official at the department of transportation during the george w. bush administration . energy firms are bracing for demonstrations after president trump moved to revive two projects that have caused tension with activists .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
environmental extremist groups can argue in court that it would somehow be illegal for trump to be completed until it plays out . creating a full-on eis is a process that can take years . meanwhile   the dakota access pipeline company wants the federal courts to stop the obama administration from publishing this notice .
joe heim joe heim   a member of the blackfeet nation of montana   has been at the camp off and on since early last year . the standing rock sioux tribe has joined a motion by the cheyenne river sioux tribe to halt the drilling site . the rising waters   and a federal eviction notice for feb. 22   have forced their hands .
regan   who has regularly visited standing rock and is the executive director of the civil liberties defense center in oregon   said she learned of three cases in which officers with the taskforce   known as the jttf   tried to talk to activists in person . the three individuals   who include a native american and a non-indigenous activist   asserted their fifth amendment rights .
search for contact the bakken pipeline resistance coalition here . we made clear that the dakota access bakken pipeline must be stopped . search for : contact the bakken pipeline resistance coalition here . we made clear that the dakota access bakken pipeline must be stopped .
trump 's executive order violates the law 02:35 story highlights pipeline company says it is ready to finish the project army corps decides no need for environmental impact study . the standing rock sioux tribe says the pipeline would affect its drinking-water supply and destroy its sacred sites . the standing rock sioux tribe said they will argue in court that the environmental impact process was wrongfully terminated .
nebraska public service commission hosted a public hearing on the keystone xl last week in york   and will hold at least one more hearing   in august   before reaching a decision as soon as sept. 14 . if approved   pipeline builder transcanada expects keystone xl to be completed within two to three years .
president trump unabashedly pushed for permit approval over the vehement   demonstrative objections of the tribes   environmentalists   and their supporters worldwide . the native nations involved maintained that the pipeline would pollute a sacred waterway   the missouri river   endangering their health and well-being . despite an abundance of legal setbacks from boasberg   the tribes are still hopeful that he will suspend dapl operations .
the veteran   who is from michigan   has been at oceti sakowin camp for three months protesting against the pipeline . enbridge line 5 is a 60-year-old oil pipeline which carries half a million barrels of oil a day from western canada to eastern canada . there are public concerns about the risk of an oil spill in the straits of mackinac .
the day is won   the black snake is dead   and it 's time to head home . but for the indigenous people they are leaving behind   the fight will rage on   harder than ever before . but etp does n't intend to stop plowing through sioux treaty lands   and republicans are bragging that once donald trump is in office .
the 1 172-mile dakota access pipeline will transport oil from the bakken oilfields to a transportation hub in patoka   ill. . the landowners in the suit collectively own 11 separate pieces of land that make up about 9 miles of the pipeline route in morton county   zuger said . land agents contracted by dakota access approached the landowners in 2014   telling them they had 30 days to consider the proposal or risk losing a 20 percent signing bonus .
pinterest native american dancers perform during peaceful demonstration near the dakota access pipeline site on 29 october . despite the 22 october arrests of more than 120 people   activists set up new camps on the sites where construction is planned   not far from the river that they fear could be contaminated by the pipeline . officials have accused activists and journalists of a range of charges .
for the native americans who gather in camps near the standing rock sioux reservation   this snake has a name ... they call it the dakota access pipeline . it is now slithering across this land   disturbing what 's sacred and gearing up to poison the water .
the scope of the resistance at standing rock exceeds just about every protest in native american history . but that history itself   of indigenous people fighting to protect not just their land   but the land   is centuries old . since april   when citizens of the standing rock sioux nation set up the sacred stone camp   thousands of people have passed through and pledged support .
the oceti sakowin camp already faces hostile winter conditions   with 10 inches of snow since monday . the office of gov. jack dalrymple had suggested more extreme tactics : cutting off access to the camp with a physical blockade   essentially laying siege to standing rock . the oceti sakowin camp already faces hostile winter conditions   with 10 inches of snow since monday .
a majority of land owners never agreed to the proposed amount because it was far below market value . despite insufficient consent   a firm named enogex continued to operate the pipeline   part of a larger network of gas transmission lines in oklahoma . the bia sequestered the decision from the people whose land would be impacted by the pipeline .
in a report from reuters   the standing rock protestors have been battling the elements just as much as they have been battling the authorities trying to drive them out of the area for construction of the dapl pipeline . the main concern that state officials have cited for ordering people to evacuate the protest at standing rock was due to the extremely harsh weather that has been rolling through   which will include temperatures at 4 degrees fahrenheit next week .
sophia wilansky was one of several hundred protesters injured during the standoff with police on sunday on a bridge near the site where the pipeline is planned to cross under the missouri river . sophia will require additional surgery in the next few days and her arm may still have to be amputated . most of the injured had hypothermia after being hit by a water cannon in below-freezing weather .
environmental and native american groups in minnesota are gearing up to thwart the replacement of an aging pipeline . the minnesota pipeline at the center of this latest battle is a replacement for an existing pipeline called line 3 . built in the 1960s   line 3 transports crude oil 1 097 miles from edmonton   alberta   across northern minnesota . tribal and environmental groups opposed to the proposed enbridge line 3 project rally in september 2017 .
re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access . record high temperatures expected to continue reading . winds sse at 5 to 10 mph . at least one person arrested as protesters sought to push past a bridge on a state highway that had been blockaded since late october .
hearing in the case is scheduled friday . neither energy transfer partners   nor their lawyers   responded to a request for comment . protesters at the camp have been hit by harsh winter conditions .
since april   the standing rock sioux tribe in north dakota has been protesting the completion of an interstate oil pipeline that would go through its reservation   which is sacred land . protestors are also worried that the pipeline could leak and contaminate the missouri river   which is the tribe 's main water source .
the top photographs submitted will also be featured in a national publication reaching more than 1 million households . hansen 's mens wear suit up . comments will be accepted through feb. 20 . vacation photographs often capture perfect moments in favorite places .
david blackmon contributor i opinions expressed by forbes contributors are their own . said oil and gas pipeline company 's management gets a little antsy about the situation . imagine that   when the spring thaws begin to come around the first of march   the resulting flood waters will carry whatever garbage   human waste .
the creek is 16 miles northwest of belfield in billings county   north dakota and 200 miles west of the dakota access pipeline protests . the 783 mile pipeline transports crude oil in the williston basin of western north dakota and eastern montana . it is not the first time the belle fourche pipeline has had a spill .
standing rock tribe chairman dave archambault ii pleaded that they go home after a powerful blizzard blasted the camp last monday   sending temperatures plunging well below zero . about 2 000 people remain in the camp   down from the nearly 5 000 who were there when the army corps announcement came . they are determined to keep their voices heard and stand guard as the political winds shift even stronger against them .
the standing rock sioux tribe won a key victory when the u.s. army corps of engineers in december turned down energy transfer partners ' request for an easement to tunnel under the nearby missouri river . standing rock officials were not immediately available for comment on tuesday . shares of etp   the company building the 450 000 barrel-a-day dakota line   rose 3.5 percent in u.s. trading .
the standing rock and cheyenne river sioux have asked judge boasberg to overturn federal permission for the pipeline to cross underneath lake oahe . the city has an obligation to make sure its investments are secure and yield a profit . in total   about three dozen banks   including bank of america   u.s. bank   are financing energy transfer   the company building the pipeline .
nd law enforcement shot at & tear gassed people praying & expressing their 1st amendment rights . at least 589 people have been arrested since august over dapl protests . last month   the us army corps of engineers denied an easement permit needed for drilling under the missouri river .
faith betrayed guam 's predominantly catholic community has been torn apart by decades of allegations of sexual abuse by beloved priests . gabbard   a major in the u.s. army national guard   said in a statement tuesday that she will take part sunday in the veterans stand for standing rock protest . gabbard is one of the most remote places on earth .
parked in quiet lot near his home in cannon ball   north dakota . chairman drew line graph representing history of his tribe . but the movement has become the face of the internationally recognized battle to stop the pipeline .
the oceti sakowin camp is located on federal land and nearby the standing rock sioux tribe reservation . the agency and state officials cited a spring flooding threat when the snow melts . many of the 200 to 300 protesters peacefully vacated the camp hours earlier today .
the corps of engineers is part of the department of the army . the conflicts along 1 172 miles of the dakota access pipeline   the site of months of clashes near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . nov. 23   2016 president-elect donald j. trump   has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment .
the call for an international day of action came just hours before the standing rock sioux nation . once the easement is officially granted   which is expected to begin immediately and last until either the standing rock sioux can win a restraining order   or the pipeline is completed . late last week several courts issued temporary injunctions on another trump executive order banning muslims from entering the u.s.
the battle against the pipeline has been going on since april with little attention from the mainstream media . with the deadline to clear out of the camp coming monday   that has changed . with the deadline to clear out of the camp coming monday   that has changed .
previous link president obama : thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . previous link president obama : thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . prev previous link president obama : thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline .
tribune facebook twitter email print save buy now a portion of the oceti sakowin encampment is seen from this view looking east from highway 1806 north of cannonball on thursday . dakota access pipeline protesters continue to build structures and fortify tents and teepees for the snow and extreme winter temperatures .
the destructive and murderous train set in motion centuries ago continues to run   this time with judge boasberg as conductor and his oct. 11 ruling that the dakota access pipeline could continue to pump oil pending an environmental review by the army corps of engineers . the standing rock sioux tribe sued the corps in july   2016 contending that the pipeline destroyed sacred indigenous sites and threatens the water quality of the standing rock reservation . the tribe has consistently filed motions to stop the flow of oil while litigation is ongoing .
at standing rock in north dakota   indians from all over north america have been protesting for seven months in some ways never before seen . part of the process was for the united states army corps of engineers   the agency that approved the pipeline   to consult with tribes about how the pipeline would affect their reservations and treaty lands   sacred sites and cultural areas .
protesters say they have been maced   shot with rubber bullets and kept in dog cages by police . most recently   a demonstrator was seriously injured in explosion protesters say was caused by police . army corps of engineers determined that the environmental risk was too high and could potentially endanger critical drinking water sources .
84 gallons of crude oil spilled at a south dakota pump station . the standing rock sioux tribe have long been calling for   is needed . energy transfer partners   the company behind the pipeline   made no public announcements about the spill after it occurred .
opponents of the diamond pipeline also say the project will cross the trail of tears in five locations   where sacred native american burial sites may come under threat . the dapl struggle was escalated to new heights after energy transfer partners crossed the line -lrb- pun intended -rrb- . considering recent events at standing rock   many are wondering if the diamond pipeline has all the makings of another monumental battle between native american protectors .
the standing rock sioux tribe and earthjustice remain undaunted in our commitment to challenge the easement in court . the white house comment line is finally back up after several weeks of being shut down . call president trump   tweet at him   leave a facebook message   or add your name to the list .
heather 's forecast : sunday   september 16   2018 cloudy with some showers sunday special room created for girl who lost her mom volunteers have been working to make a room perfect for a 7-year-old girl who lost her mom in a car crash . suspect sought in fatal dickerson pike shooting officials are searching for a gunman after a 23-year-old was killed in a shooting on dickerson pike . florence 's catastrophic encore could bring some of its worst destruction yet on sunday .
surveillance women opinion columnists bill blum bill boyarsky juan cole amy goodman chris hedges sonali kolhatkar robert scheer maj. -lrb- rob wilson -rrb- maj. follow us login register news activism belief & religion economy & business education environment health immigration international lgbtq media military national -lrb- u.s.a. -rrb- politics prison race science & technology social issues . one activist   sophia wilansky   21   may face the amputation of her arm .
the school teaches on average 20 students a day in the traditional lakota curriculum as well as math   reading and writing . the pipeline is largely complete except for a short segment that is planned to pass beneath a missouri river reservoir . the company doing the building says it is unwilling to reroute the project .
the four-day encampment by the standing rock sioux tribe   other native americans   and many who looked distinctly of european descent   culminated on friday with a march to the white house . breitbart news visited the encampment to talk with people participating and discovered the conflict between the protesters and those in favor of developing domestic energy resources in the united states may be less a matter of malicious intent and more about the flow of misinformation .
the 1 172-mile -lrb- 1 885 km -rrb- pipeline project   owned by texas-based energy transfer partners lp   is mostly complete except for a segment planned to run under lake oahe   a reservoir formed by a dam on the missouri river . the main protest camp is called oceti sakowin   near cannon ball . we 're moving in and out of the camp at will .
law enforcement at the protest site   which includes agencies from around the country   have been criticized for using both on protesters   many of them american indians convinced the pipeline just north of the standing rock indian reservation will pollute the missouri river and disturb sacred ground . todd spoke to the commission but his report was requested by two commissioners . commissioner tony gehrig said residents have asked him about the costs to local taxpayers .
december 4   2016 afternoon   standing rock sioux tribe members and their allies celebrated   crying tears of joy . protesters say they know the fight is not over and sunday 's decision is only a delay . that is why some have vowed to stay   despite the standing rock chairman statement that people can return home for the winter .
the 4th u.s. circuit court of appeals handed a win to conservation groups on july 27   declaring that the u.s. forest service and the bureau of land management -lrb- blm -rrb- had erred in granting approval to pipeline developers for part of the mountain valley pipeline -lrb- mvp -rrb- . the 3.6 mile segment in question cuts through the jefferson national forest and would run under the appalachian trail . thacker rescinded permissions for pipeline-related activities within the publicly-owned forest and sent the issue back to both the forest service and blm for further inspection .
former army officer who rallied thousands of veterans to standing rock . meet the former army officer who rallied thousands of veterans to standing rock . meet the former army officer who rallied thousands of veterans to standing rock .
the bayou bridge pipeline would form the tail end of the now infamous dakota access route . the bayou bridge pipeline would carry 480 000 barrels of oil per day a final 162 miles across the state to refineries and ports   through eight watersheds and long stretches of fragile wetlands . opponents are pushing the army corps of engineers to draft an environmental impact statement .
the army corps of engineers issued a permit in july to build the line under lake oahe in north dakota . it also took all the necessary steps to issue the easement that the company also needs . the pipeline from north dakota to illinois is nearly complete   and the lake oahu easement is the last major approval it needs . but the victory may be short-lived .
police were waiting out below them   but the game was never interrupted . seats were cleared out below them   but the game was never interrupted . as of halftime   police were waiting out the protesters . seats were cleared out below them .
financial disclosure forms released earlier this year show trump has a stake in energy transfer partners   the texas-based firm behind the pipeline   and phillips 66   which will hold a share of the project once completed . in this 25 november 2016 satellite image taken by digitalglobe   construction of the dakota access pipeline is shown at the top right . this week   north dakota governor jack dalrymple ordered the immediate evacuation of the protest camp .
protest was 4 miles north of the cannonball river that borders the standing rock sioux indian reservation . the site of the protest was 4 miles north of the cannonball river that borders the standing rock sioux indian reservation .
followers of my journalism are likely aware that i made 3 trips to standing rock   north dakota in august   and december 2016 . we can do this using pure css but it is reliant on the multi line ellipsis which is javascript only . we can do this using pure css but it is reliant on the multi line ellipsis which is javascript only .
the culmination of a four-day protest in the capital was led by the standing rock sioux tribe   which has been involved in a longstanding dispute with authorities over the construction of an oil pipeline in north dakota   culminating in a two-mile march through washington and rally in front of the white house . judge rejects standing rock request to block dakota access pipeline drilling read more with snow falling   the native nations rise march wound through the capital and along the way demonstrators paused in front of the trump international hotel on pennsylvania avenue to erect a tipi .
a federal judge ruled that the federal permits authorizing the pipeline to cross the missouri river just upstream of the standing rock reservation . the tribe is represented by the nonprofit environmental law firm earthjustice . the pipeline would carry up to 570 000 barrels a day of crude oil from the bakken oil fields in north dakota to illinois where it links with another pipeline that will transport the oil to terminals and refineries along the gulf of mexico .
lunaape lunaape tribe in the township of mahwah   new jersey are protesting the interstate pilgrim pipeline   a proposed 178-mile dual pipeline that would carry fracked shale oil from albany   new york to the bayway refinery in linden   new jersey . while it is not yet finalized   the preliminary route crosses five counties and 30 municipalities in new york   where the groundwater and surface water are the direct source of water for more than 4.5 million people in both states . the pipeline is capable of carrying 400 000 barrels of oil per day .
nevermind the standing rock tribe was hardly consulted about the project and the pipeline could pollute their water and endanger their sacred sites . for spreading lies about him rafi schwartz today 8:53 am share tweet kinja is in read-only mode .
judge turner ordered bayou bridge pipeline llc to prepare emergency response and evacuation plan before completing the project . the bayou bridge pipeline is part of a larger pipeline network that branches out from the dakota access pipeline . its path runs from the texas-louisiana border through the atchafalaya basin in southern louisiana to the town of st. james   where many pipelines already congregate .
authorities cleared a protest camp where opponents of the dakota access oil pipeline had gathered for the better part of a year . the encampment has stood since august on u.s. army corps of engineers property at the edge of the standing rock sioux reservation near cannon ball   north dakota   about 40 miles south of bismarck   the state capital . dubbed the oceti sakowin camp   the site became a focal point for u.s. environmental activists and native americans expressing indigenous rights .
demonstrators at the shrinking protest camp have voiced desperation and declining morale . the tribe is asking that the camp be evacuated by jan. 29 . opponents of the dakota access oil pipeline sing during a confrontation with police on backwater bridge near cannon ball   north dakota   2017 .
the us army corps officially announced their intention to conduct a lengthy environmental inspection before issuing a permit for construction of the dakota access pipeline . just days after president trump 's memoranda were issued   the corps reversed that decision and on feb. 7 issued permission to begin drilling . but it stops short of requiring the government to act on those suggestions   and anderson believes such a statutory fix is necessary .
the case was filed on november 28   2016   in the u.s. district court for the night of november 20-21   2016   at backwater bridge near the water protector camps and the site of the dapl pipeline just north dakota . the case was filed on november 28   2016   in the u.s. district court for the district of north dakota in bismarck .
surveillance women opinion columnists bill blum bill boyarsky juan cole amy goodman chris hedges sonali kolhatkar nomi robert scheer maj. the post . the journalist learned the hard way that the same rules do n't apply at the border   where the government claims the right to search electronic devices without a warrant or any suspicion of wrongdoing . ou said he 's unclear about why he was detained .
sen. cory booker has urged to investigate the police tactics used against protesters at the standing rock site in north dakota . the marchers then followed a route that took them by the trump international hotel   the white house   and on to the national mall   where the pipeline is being built . keepseagle   who said the rally was organized in about two weeks   expressed surprise at the number of people who had turned out for the event .
greenpeace is known internationally for high-risk protests such as boarding oil drilling ships . a new building is under construction . sign up for our daily email . sign up for our daily email .
the pipeline is part of the standing rock rural water supply system . the tribe completed the pipeline with help from the bureau of reclamation . the pipeline is part of the standing rock rural water supply system .
about 60 homes near the explosion were evacuated . phillips 66 owns a 40 percent interest in the joint venture . the proposed bayou bridge route is an estimated 60 miles from phillips 66 paradis pipeline station .
the tide quickly turned after a reuters report later in the day revealed that regulators found signs of diesel in a drilling fluid sample collected from a spill that happened near energy transfer 's rover gas pipeline construction project in ohio this past april . the presence of an undocumented substance in the drilling fluids gave several environmental groups more reason to urge the army corps of engineers to step in and halt construction of the project .
the army corps of engineers agrees   and has said so publicly and in federal court filings . in spite of consistently stating at every turn that the permit for the crossing of the missouri river at lake oahe granted in july 2016   comported with all legal requirements   including the use of an environmental assessment   rather than an environmental impact statement   the army corps now seeks to engage in additional review and analysis of alternative locations for the pipeline .
missouri river is a major source of water for the oceti sakowin . the 1 172-mile dapl would connect the bakken oil fields in north dakota to refineries in illinois   shipping as much as 570 000 barrels of crude oil per day . the bakken shale holds an estimated 5 billion barrels of oil   and is producing approximately 900 000 barrels per day .
thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline .
the standing rock sioux nation   whose territory is all around here   are leading this action and their elders set the tone . newcomers are welcome but they have to take an orientation course where they learn about non-violence   the ways of the sioux   and the sacred camp fires around the grounds that must be respected   never photographed or allowed to go out . one of those was going on as we wandered the camp   mostly trying to keep warm in the blowing snow and icy winds .
the blue line is the boundary of corps property   the red area is being protected by nd law enforcement at the request of the corps . it appears from the letter that the seven council fires camp is the one the corps wants cleared   with everyone moving down to the standing rock reservation land south of that . so far the feds have largely withheld law enforcement support .
the former chairman of the interstate oil and gas compact commission ran for president as part of the republican party primaries in 2015 . he does have some experienced heading up an energy-related agency   or at least a quasi-agency which functions much more like a lobbying organization . at the time   a bill called the frac act was moving through congress   which called for the lifting of the exemption .
the firm   however   failed to notify the commission   in violation of its permit . only disclosed the findings 10 days later when government workers inquired about it   she said . the rebuke is significant given that public officials in north dakota have repeatedly criticized native american leaders protesting against the pipeline . indigenous leaders have urged him to permanently save the native lands and surrounding areas from further destruction .
president obama made the remarks in his address at the white house tribal nations conference . the pipeline would come within a half-mile of the standing rock sioux reservation   which straddles the north and south dakota border . it has become one of the largest organized native american protests in decades .
the original construction plans had the pipeline coming so close to this water supply . the waterways would be almost certainly impacted so as to make them unusable . in response to the construction plans   huge assemblies of native americans and other concerned citizens converged on the site near the local water supply that was being threatened by the proposed pipeline .
sophia wilansky was one of several hundred protesters injured during the standoff with police on sunday on a bridge near the site where the pipeline is planned to cross under the missouri river . sophia will require additional surgery in the next few days and her arm may still have to be amputated . most of the injured had hypothermia after being hit by a water cannon in below-freezing weather .
a service truck drives past an oil well on the fort berthold indian reservation in north dakota   u.s. on november 1   2014 . the us army corps of engineers announced today that it will not grant an easement to the dakota access pipeline to cross under a lake on the sioux tribes standing rock reservation . the us army corps of engineers announced today that it will not grant an easement to the dakota access pipeline to cross under a lake on the sioux tribes standing rock reservation .
the pipeline 's route takes it through four states : north dakota   south dakota   iowa and illinois . the project was temporarily halted dec. 5 by the army corps of engineers in order to allow further review and to complete an environmental impact assessment . the pipeline will encourage the use of more fossil fuels   which are a major contributor to climate change .
the pipeline 's affect on nearby water supplies and the tribal rights of the standing rock sioux tribe   who discovered the construction of the pipeline was planned through a sacred site . feds stopped construction of the pipeline under obama   however president trump took executive action this week to move forward with its construction . many were concerned with possible oil spills   the pipeline 's affect on nearby water supplies and the tribal rights .
warm temperatures have accelerated snowmelt in the area of the oceti sakowin protest camp   and the national weather service reports that the cannonball river should be on the watch for rising water levels and an increased risk of ice jams later this week . the order also addresses the need to protect the missouri river from the waste that will flow into the cannonball river and lake oahe if the camp is not cleared and the cleanup expedited .
lindsay clark   a 5-year army veteran and university of maryland student   stands in front of the capitol during a veterans for standing rock protest monday . however   instead of standing in solidarity   the group celebrated as news broke the day before that the army corp of engineers had blocked the permit for construction of a major part of the pipeline a half mile north of the standing rock sioux tribe 's reservation .
trump 's orders on the dakota access pipeline   hastily organized protests outside the white house drew a crowd that organizers estimated at over 1 000 participants on tuesday . there may be good reason for the oil industry to seek distance from trump . but state and local officials face a very different political calculus .
protestors should be able to exercise their first amendment right peacefully and lawfully   but in many cases now   that is n't what we 're seeing . for the past several months   heitkamp and her staff have been meeting regularly with local law enforcement   land owners   and residents about the dakota access pipeline protests . she has also been working in a joint effort with the federal delegation and governor jack dalrymple to push for federal funds to provide law enforcement .
the ruling may establish some important precedents   particularly around environmental justice and treaty rights . the dakota access pipeline runs 1 100 miles across much of the great plains   connecting the bakken oil formation in north dakota to a refinery and second pipeline in illinois . by late october   standing rock had become the largest and most high-profile native protest in the united states in four decades .
the corps of engineers is part of the department of the army . the conflicts along 1 172 miles of the dakota access pipeline   the site of months of clashes near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . nov. 23   2016 president-elect donald j. trump   has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment .
the army corps will undertake an environmental impact statement and look for alternative routes . while the news is a victory   jan hasselman   an attorney for the tribe   cautioned that the decision could be appealed . for months   they have protested over their fears that the pipeline would contaminate their water source and destroy sacred sites   and with nightfall a few fireworks burst above the tents and campfires .
energy transfer partners denies violating terms of its permit . plan for replacing trees calls for crews to plant more than two trees for every one that was removed . public service commission planned to discuss both matters during a closed executive session on friday .
the federal government has been taking land from lakota and dakota people for 150 years . the site of the current dispute   exists because of a dam project built by the army corps of engineers . in 1962   president john f. kennedy dedicated the dam   hailing it as a symbol of a free society tapping its natural resources .
the latest bakken north dakota shale news   local energy related community news   bakken housing and energy related bakken jobs . the decision was made based on a sufficient amount of information already available which supported approval to grant the easement request .
the bakken is a substantial source of crude oil   producing just under 1 million barrels per day . oil has to be moved by rail or pipeline out of the state   where it moves to refineries either on the eastern seaboard   or down to the gulf coast . but the extreme distances that north dakota crude has to travel inevitably lead to conflict as pipelines run into local communities . that potential for conflict became very stark with the standing rock sioux tribe in north dakota .
original image -lrb- 5184x3456 -rrb- over 500 people in sacramento stand in solidarity . they lined both sides of the street in front of the u.s. army corps of engineers halt the controversial dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- . many drivers passing by on the busy street honked their horns in support of the protesters . the protest took place the day after the corps announced it is delaying an easement for the dakota access pipeline project .
the tribes argued that the pipeline threatened native american cultural sites and their water supply . boasberg said he was likely to allow the tribes to continue making the religion argument   though he did not think it was likely to succeed . native americans are planning four days of activities   including lobbying lawmakers and culminating in a march on the white house .
energy transfer partners   the company behind the pipeline   made no public announcements about the spill after it occurred . hasselman objected   saying these kinds of spills should be immediately disclosed . protesters were forced to evacuate their protest camp at the site of the pipeline .
the deal reduces energy transfer ownership to a controlling 38.25 percent   while houston-based phillips 66 maintains its 25 percent stake . the partial sale was delayed for months after the nearly completed oil pipeline project encountered regulatory holdups under the obama administration . the pipeline project was nearing completion last summer when the standing rock sioux tribe launched protests to block the project .
hundreds of dakota access protesters clashed early monday morning with police in north dakota at a highway barrier manned by dozens of officers . advancing protesters met a police response of tear gas   rubber bullets and a water cannon that soaked them in below-freezing temperatures . at least one person was arrested .
officials are investigating the cause of the leak . this is the largest keystone spill to date in south dakota . the leak comes just days before nebraska officials announce a decision on whether the proposed keystone xl pipeline   a sister project   can move forward .
hearing in the case is scheduled friday . neither energy transfer partners   nor their lawyers   responded to a request for comment . the spirit of the encampments was alive in the hotel and concert venue . in the auditorium   the coat check was transformed into a makeshift childcare venue .
nebraska activists are urging state officials to summon back the law enforcement officers who were sent to north dakota to help respond to anti-pipeline protests . protesters have gathered near cannon ball   north dakota   to try to block construction of the dakota access pipeline . nebraska state patrol troopers were sent at north dakota 's request under a 50-state compact that allows states to support each other .
cleanup at the camp has now resumed and law enforcement remains present in the area . since the eviction notice was delivered   44 people have been arrested . iverson said cleanup has not started .
the state government also intends to begin imposing fines to deter the flow of supplies into protester camps . opponents of the pipeline are concerned about damage it could do to the local ecosystem . already   a winter storm has dumped 6 inches of snow on the ground   severely limiting accessibility to camp sites .
judge james boasberg 's decision will come as a blow to the standing rock sioux . it has the capacity to move half of the oil produced daily in north dakota . the tribe is among four that have challenged the pipeline in court over environmental fears that texas-based etp says are unfounded .
the corps of engineers is part of the department of the army . the conflicts along 1 172 miles of the dakota access pipeline   the site of months of clashes near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . nov. 23   2016 president-elect donald j. trump   has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment .
authorities do not know what caused the fire at around 7:00 pm est thursday evening . six workers   three employed with phillips 66 and three contractors   were cleaning the pipeline when the explosion occurred . two contractors were taken to a nearby hospital with burns ; one of them was eventually flown to a burns unit in baton rouge .
a small group set up a prayer camp along the water in protest of the pipeline . last april   a small group set up a prayer camp along the water in protest of the pipeline . but it 's showed us what we can do when we get together and stay together and this is what we have to continue .
thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . fluent in sarcasm . authentic . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . fluent in sarcasm . authentic . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline .
sanders made it clear that he and his political allies would be opposed to the president-elect . the senator noted   such opposition will be met with applause by most american voters . and   the senator noted   such opposition will be met with applause by most american voters .
ap image shows construction of the dakota access pipeline . it has been called the largest gathering of native american tribes in a century . it has been called the largest gathering of native american tribes in a century .
the discovery of the pipeline spill in western north dakota has drawn heightened attention because of the battle over the dakota access oil pipeline being built across the state . a portion of the proceeds will support the coalition against pilgrim pipelines ny   which is fighting plans for two side-by-side oil pipelines through six counties   including greene   ulster and orange   from albany to linden   n.j. .
police defended their actions   saying that the protestors were blocking a public road and were throwing things at law enforcement . booker also noted concern for the safety of law enforcement officers at the site and cited reports of an officer being hit by a rock .
a group went to the bridge north of us to move burned trucks off the road . at least two people were struck with rubber bullets . others are being sprayed with water in the freezing weather .
the army corps wrote to the standing rock sioux tribe   ordering the closure of camps on its land   north of the cannonball river . on friday   the army corps wrote to the standing rock sioux reservation and close to the site where the dakota access pipeline is slated to cross under the missouri river . allard said the announcement was an obvious ploy to help support the pipeline corporation .
reuters oil is expected to start flowing through the dakota access pipeline near the standing rock sioux reservation soon . in response   thousands of people have organized sit-ins   rallies   and protests at standing rock and other cities since early 2016 . activists are now asking people to close their accounts at eco-friendly banks or credit unions .
chairman of the standing rock sioux   dave archambault ii   responded to the decision by vowing to fight it in court . the pipeline is set to run under the missouri river near the reservation . it is opposed by many members of the tribe .
the tribe still wants to speak with trump about the dakota access pipeline to prevent him from approving the final phase of construction . the pipeline is complete except for a 1-mile -lrb- 1.61 km -rrb- segment that was to run under lake oahe   which required permission from federal authorities . the camp celebrated the decision   but some expressed concern their victory could be short-lived .
petition closed remove sheriff kyle kirchmeier   of the morton county sheriff 's office this petition . 113 620 laverdure started this petition to morton county sheriff 's office and 1 other i am one of a group of native american activists and allies who have been protesting an oil pipeline that is set to cross the missouri river a mile away from the standing rock reservation . for months   we have been peacefully working to stop construction on what we believe is right .
the eis is required for a length of the pipeline that would run under lake oahe on the missouri river   a half mile north of the standing rock reservation . on one side   you have money   president-elect donald trump   and a company that will eventually own 25 percent of the completed pipeline . there is an alternative route that etp considered that takes the line 10 miles north of bismarck .
the no dapl national day of action disrupted commerce on the bnsf railroad for more than three hours . in north dakota   the no dapl national day of action disrupted commerce on the bnsf railroad for more than three hours .
ea was available for public review online from december 9   2015 to january 8   2016 . the proposed project would connect the bakken and three forks crude oil production areas in north dakota to existing infrastructure in illinois . the draft ea was available for public review online from december 9   2015 to january 8   2016 .
the vicious dogs of manifest destiny resurface in north dakota two days before   mentz had testified to the d.c. district court to report the area that lay in the path of the controversial dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- corridor . he was upset and spoke rapidly about the area behind him   an expanse of the great plains cut by a new 150-foot-wide road .
standing rock leader asks protesters to leave facebook twitter flipboard email december 5   20164:27 pm et rebecca hersher twitter enlarge this image on sunday . protesters gather at their camp as news breaks that the army corps of engineers will not approve an easement for the dakota access pipeline .
the two-way army wants further study of dakota access pipeline route earlier this month   the army corps of engineers said it needed more information before it could decide whether to allow the pipeline to cross the river at the planned location . members of the tribe say the pipeline could contaminate water   and that the route threatens sacred lands . around the nation upstream from standing rock   tribes balance benefits   risks of oil industry the danger .
the u.s. army corps of engineers has decided to deny permission for companies seeking to build the now infamous dakota access pipeline in north dakota . this section of the 1 172-mile pipeline would have run within a half mile of the standing rock sioux reservation . it would have also crossed beneath the nearby missouri river .
tribune facebook twitter email print save buy now the feeling at camp on monday was busy but calm . the clash came as protesters sought to push past a bridge on a state highway that had been blockaded since late october   according to the morton county sheriff 's office .
the army corps of engineers   a federal agency   announced that it would deny energy transfer partners -lrb- etp -rrb-   the developer of the pipeline   a permit to cross the missouri river . it mostly traverses privately owned land   but the government must sign off on permission to drill under lake oahe . its refusal to do so requires a new environmental impact statement that looks at alternative routes .
protesters also reported being hit with rubber bullets and percussion grenades . one person was arrested   according to the sheriffs department . one hundred sixty-seven people were injured and seven were taken to the hospital . the violence comes at a difficult time for indigenous activists at the camps .
the standing rock sioux tribal council has voted to oust the red warrior camp over the tactics it uses in the field . the burned hulks of heavy trucks sit on highway 1806 near cannon ball   n.d.   on friday   oct. 28   near the spot where protesters of the dakota access pipeline were evicted from private property a day earlier . hall had also condemned the vandalism of dakota access construction equipment .
teens slam their high school dress code after a male student was suspended for wearing makeup justice department launches fraud investigation into tesla after ceo elon musk tweeted that he had ` funding secured ' to take the company private the mexican goods store in new york . owner says customers can pay with the currency to get rid of any spare they have left over from their vacation ` i 'm a kardashian ' morton county sheriff kyle kirchmeier   front   listens to brian wesley horinek   of oklahoma   outside the new camp on pipeline easement in north dakota .
ruth ibarra noted that councilmember eric guerra helped local standing rock supporters through the process of getting the resolution before the council . the contact information is available below the text of the resolution .
authorities will close the area north of the cannonball river   including the oceti sakowin camp   about 40 miles south of bismarck . they fear it would pollute the missouri river and harm sacred cultural lands and tribal burial grounds . the pipeline project was delayed in september when the obama administration temporarily blocked it from crossing under the missouri river .
thousands of protesters are vowing to make what may be their last stand at standing rock . after four months of prayer marches and clashes with law enforcement officials who responded with tear gas and water cannons . the fight has drawn thousands of tribal members   veterans   activists and celebrities and transformed a frozen patch of north dakota into a focal point for environmental and tribal activism .
mark ruffalo stands with other water protectors calling for the release of red fawn fallis . police arrested her on october 27 -lrb- along with at least 140 others -rrb- during a raid on the short-lived 1851 treaty camp   or sacred ground camp   in north dakota . shots were fired while she was pinned to the ground . however   water protectors say they can contest this allegation with video footage .
regan   who has regularly visited standing rock and is the executive director of the civil liberties defense center in oregon   said she learned of three cases in which officers with the taskforce   known as the jttf   tried to talk to activists in person . the three individuals   who include a native american and a non-indigenous activist   asserted their fifth amendment rights .
valerie volcovici cannon ball   n.d. -lrb- reuters -rrb- - two weeks after a victory in their fight against the dakota access pipeline . most protesters have cleared out of the main protest camp in north dakota . but about 1 000 are still there   and plan to remain through the winter .
the morton county sheriff 's office says protesters gathered several times on the backwater bridge in the afternoon . five people were arrested for trespassing . soon after   about 80 people gathered on turtle hill where some allegedly said they were getting guns .
jan hasselman   attorney for the standing rock sioux tribe in north dakota   said tuesday the tribe would push back with a lawsuit defending the decision by the u.s. army corps of engineers to undertake a full environmental-impact review that includes looking at alternative routes for the pipeline through four states . the tribe has opposed the pipeline out of concern a spill could pollute drinking water in the missouri river and threaten native american cultural sites .
authorities say the line was ruptured sometime after 8:30 a.m. july 13 near 417 fm 20   which is just south of shiloh road . in a statement   magellan midstream partners   the owner of the longhorn pipeline   said a contractor was conducting maintenance on the system when it ruptured . the company 's preliminary estimate is that 1 200 barrels or 50 400 gallons spilled in the release.the pipeline reportedly carries oil from the permian basin to texas city near houston .
the dakota access pipeline would carry up to 570 000 barrels of oil from the bakken oilfields of north dakota nearly 1 200 miles to a hub in illinois   is far from the only pipeline under construction in north america . on the east coast of the united states   the victory at standing rock resonated for opponents of the proposed atlantic coast pipeline   which would carry natural gas 600 miles from west virginia to north carolina . but through her tears of happiness   mossett urged viewers to continue their support for both the water protectors in north dakota and protesters fighting pipelines around the world .
the culmination of a four-day protest in the capital was led by the standing rock sioux tribe   which has been involved in a longstanding dispute with authorities over the construction of an oil pipeline in north dakota   culminating in a two-mile march through washington and rally in front of the white house . judge rejects standing rock request to block dakota access pipeline drilling read more with snow falling   the native nations rise march wound through the capital and along the way demonstrators paused in front of the trump international hotel on pennsylvania avenue to erect a tipi .
the u.s. army corps of engineers   which leases the lands for grazing   has also ordered the camp closed to all public access as of dec. 5 . both explained that the threat of winter to public safety required their action . however   if campers stay   it is at their own risk   officials say .
thousands of protesters   including native americans from more than 100 tribes across the country . nearly 200 people got treatment for tear gas   hypothermia and blunt trauma . it was the latest in a series of violent clashes over the fall . but dakota access crews began bulldozing anyway   leading to a violent confrontation .
the agreement helped bring law enforcement agents to north dakota to the site of protests by the standing rock sioux against the dakota access pipeline . the protests at standing rock   and the black lives matter protests in baltimore after the death of freddie gray .
the oceti sakowin camp has become the longest-running protest in modern history   as thousands of american indians and environmentalists seek to halt completion of the 1 172-mile pipeline . in the coming days   the demonstrators will be aided by military veterans who have come to give occupiers a respite and call attention to what they say are human rights violations .
transcanada crews detected a drop in pressure at about 6 a.m. amherst is about 200 miles north of sioux falls   s.d.   and about 25 miles from the state 's border with north dakota . the conduit is not the controversial and long-delayed keystone xl pipeline that transcanada is still shepherding through the approval process .
the meal is set for late thursday afternoon at a school in fort yates . opponents fear the pipeline will harm drinking water and native american cultural sites . pipeline developer energy transfer partners disputes that and says the pipeline will be safe .
the corps had granted energy transfer partners permission for its proposed pipeline crossing at lake oahe . the corps had granted energy transfer partners an easement to drill under lake oahe   a water source upstream from the standing rock sioux reservation that has been the focus of protests .
transcanada crews detected a drop in pressure at about 6 a.m. amherst is about 200 miles north of sioux falls   s.d.   and about 25 miles from the state 's border with north dakota . the conduit is not the controversial and long-delayed keystone xl pipeline that transcanada is still shepherding through the approval process .
the news traveled quickly across oceti sakowin camp   where many had just finished their evening meals . as a media outsider who only made it to standing rock for a day during my 24 hours at standing rock last week   the police seemed eager to keep their distance after their violent use of water cannons and concussion grenades against protectors only days earlier raised shock .
vincent viola went from a humble immigrant background to the founder of a highly-successful financial firm in new york . a huge legal   political and public relations challenge will be confirmed as secretary of the army . officially   the project is on hold in order for the army corps to conduct a more thorough review of the final portion of the pipeline in response to concerns raised by the standing rock sioux tribe and its many allies .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
the tribe 's struggle to halt the dakota access pipeline completion has inspired people across the united states . but the protests reveal more than standing rock 's legitimate defense of their land ; it also unveils troubling realities at the governmental level . conflicts of interest then-gop candidate donald trump joined a petroleum conference in north dakota .
memos were subject to terms and conditions to be negotiated by the united states . shares of energy transfer partners and transcanada rose more than 3.5 percent on tuesday . trump has vowed to cancel obama 's climate action plan and has threatened to pull out of or defund paris climate agreement .
email of the clash between police and unarmed protesters at backwater bridge   not far from the standing rock encampments   emerged on social media sunday evening . police confront protesters with a rubber bullet gun during a protest against plans to pass the dakota access pipeline near the standing rock indian reservation   near cannon ball   north dakota .
some 41 people defending their land in the balah forest reserve through the blockades were also arrested during the operation . some 41 people defending their land in the balah forest reserve through the blockades were also arrested during the operation .
imider is the home of managem   the largest silver mine in africa . resistance against resource exploitation is also a central focus of the water protectors at standing rock . at present   the standing rock sioux have been resisting the dakota access pipeline for eight months .
the company building the pipeline   the decision prolongs what is essentially a stop work order that the obama administration issued in september . advertisement appeared to be a victory for the standing rock sioux   who have been camped on federal land north of the reservation for months in protest of the construction . protesters have been teargassed and fired on with rubber bullets and water cannons .
a joint misdemeanor trial is scheduled monday for 10 people arrested aug. 11 after they allegedly pushed through law or police tape to access a construction site . the bismarck tribune reports prosecutors are asking that issues of tribal sovereignty be kept out of the trial . the defendants are from nine states   including north dakota   south dakota   oregon and hawaii .
jan 1   2017 ; minneapolis   mn   usa   rappel from the rafters with a banner against the dakota pipeline during a national football league game on sunday between the minnesota vikings and chicago bears . construction in north dakota prompted protests by native americans and environmentalists who say the project will harm water resources and sacred lands . the federal government ruled in december against that stretch of the project .
tribal opponents say they will battle a revival of the dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- project in court . many washington tribes have supported the opposition to dapl with money   donations and repeated travels to the site . about the dapl protest the trump administration has advanced the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipeline projects .
the administration sent law enforcement to clear the area of dissenters . momoa held no regrets about rallying fans to the cause   despite resistance he met from higher-ups . just like he said he wants to stick up for his people .
the national weather service has issued a winter storm warning that will bring heavy snow through wednesday to the area . last friday   the u.s army corps of engineers sent a letter to standing rock sioux tribe chairman dave archambault ii saying all campers must vacate the oceti sakowin camp by december 5   2016 . now   therefore   i   jack dalrymple   governor of the state of north dakota   order a mandatory evacuation of all persons located in areas under the proprietary jurisdiction of the united states army corps of engineers .
opponents of the pipeline have waged divestment campaigns against the pipeline company   energy transfer partners . using the slogan defund dapl   activists have also urged individuals and institutions to move money out of banks that are financing pipeline construction   including wells fargo and bank of america .
the bad river band made the decision not to renew the deals on enbridge 's line 5 pipeline last week due to risk of oil spills . the tribe is now urging the company to decommission and remove the 64-year-old pipeline . the expired deals make up about a fifth of the total number of deals   with the remaining contracts valid until 2043 or without expiration date .
the u.s. army corps of engineers legally blocked the construction of the dakota access pipeline   denying it a needed easement to drill beneath the missouri river . it will specifically examine whether the pipeline should be moved or cancelled altogether . this is not even the principal legal dispute in the standing rock case .
the legislation is a direct response to the massive protests around the standing rock indian reservation . the ongoing protests have shut down a nearby highway for months and stalled construction of a pipeline that would carry crude from the north dakota oil patch . the legislation has several house and senate cosponsors but has not yet been scheduled for a hearing .
1 172-mile dakota access pipeline would carry 470 000 barrels of crude oil a day across four states . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that wo n't stop them . hours later   the corporation behind the pipeline said that the army will not approve an easement that would allow the proposed dakota access pipeline to cross under lake oahe in north dakota .
the news is a massive win for the sioux tribe that established the protest camp at the site in april and has gained huge support in recent weeks . standing rock sioux tribe also expressed its wish to heal the relationship with police following the standoff . while protests have been largely peaceful   confrontations with police have led to violent clashes in recent weeks .
the desecration of these ancient places has already caused the standing rock sioux irreparable harm . the tribe filed the discovery with a federal judge that is deciding whether to grant an injunction against dakota access . they say it is a very real threat to the missouri river watershed .
jan hasselman   the earthjustice attorney representing the tribe   the ruling represents possibly the first time that a federal judge has dinged the army corps for not considering environmental justice concerns . the army corps must now do additional review . hasselman is unsure what form that will take .
standing rock sioux tribe has demanded the flow of oil through the pipeline be stopped . completion of the controversial pipeline was stopped by the obama administration last december   with a call for an environmental-impact statement to assess risks . ruling on dakota access pipeline surprises oil industry president trump called on the u.s. army corps of engineers to issue the permits   which it did shortly after he took office .
the resurrection of the keystone xl pipeline will cause particular anguish among climate activists . protests over the plan to run the 1 200-mile pipeline from the canadian tar sands to texas dogged barack obama throughout his presidency . the tribes and other groups that fought for years against keystone will now to have to wearily re-enter the fray against transcanada   the company behind the project .
the march is a continuation of a year-long battle between the standing rock and environmentalists against the government and pipeline corporations . opponents of pipeline construction have been trying to prevent the potential water contamination and damage of sacred tribal sites .
the tribes present strongly asserted the need for the eis to assess the entire pipeline   rather than just a small portion of the route . tribal representatives expressed a strong desire to hold the scoping meeting in the dakotas . whether that will happen remains to be seen and will continue to be pursued .
women hold a protest against plans to pass the dakota access pipeline near the standing rock indian reservation   near cannon ball   north dakota   u.s. november 27   2016 . the statement said anyone who remained would be considered unauthorized and could be subject to various citations . the 1 172-mile -lrb- 1 885-km -rrb- project is mostly complete except for the segment planned to run under lake oahe   less than half a mile -lrb- 0.8 km -rrb- north of standing rock .
dakota access pipeline ruling favoring standing rock sioux a victory   but the battle is not over jun 16   2017 2:04 pm pdt by meteor blades   daily kos staff 37 178 please log in or sign up to continue . the corps will have to reconsider those sections of its environmental analysis upon remand .
thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline . thank you for temporarily halting the dakota access pipeline .
the controversial 1 172-mile pipeline will start transporting crude oil from western north dakota to illinois on may 14 . the project garnered international attention when the standing rock sioux tribe sued to block its completion . by late february   the makeshift protest camps in standing rock were ordered to be evacuated   and the remaining water protectors left the area .
supporters say it will be a safe   necessary and lucrative way to bolster louisiana 's energy economy . opponents have argued that it has already destroyed wetlands and threatens to leak oil and endanger drinking water once complete . a federal judge previously halted work in the atchafalaya basin   though an appeals panel overturned the decision .
organizers have some solid practice and know what to expect with the project for its forced land grabbing and potential environmental impacts . the concerns for the keystone xl are similar to what was seen in north dakota for the dakota access pipeline : land   water and decision-making power .
the sacred fire lit continuously since july has been extinguished   but a new fire has taken its place . the former camp is now known as all nations camp   according to attorney chase iron eyes . firewood is needed   as are plumbers   electricians   and carpenters to make sacred stone camp a more permanent community .
the standing rock sioux tribe released as statement shortly after news broke   thanking the president and his administration for taking action . the decision to act on this sunday afternoon was no doubt informed by the scores of protesters pouring into the camps at standing rock . she has also appeared in political news videos for ring of fire .
winter is descending upon thousands of native americans camped out in north dakota . for months   they have been protesting against the dakota access oil pipeline . the early snowstorms of the season are rolling across the prairie . temperatures frequently drop below freezing at night .
officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline   hitting dozens with pepper spray as they waded through waist-deep water in an attempt to reach property owned by the pipeline 's developer . officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline . officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline .
the baseball report : orioles could set franchise mark for futility it 's been a rough season in baltimore with the team already tying the franchise record for most losses since 1954 . they could surpass that mark and others by year end . hoodline crunched the numbers to find the top beer gardens in fort lauderdale .
commissioners voted in a meeting to make the trip   after david archambault ii   chairman of the standing rock sioux tribe . the commission is the independent   bipartisan federal civil rights watchdog group   established by the 1957 civil rights act . the visit follows two weeks of mounting tensions at standing rock .
the orders do not grant the final permits needed for the oil pipelines but will move both projects toward approval   a person familiar with the action said . the orders fulfill trump 's campaign promise to approve both pipelines   which have staunch support from the oil industry and the gop but are strongly opposed by democrats and environmentalists .
regan   who has regularly visited standing rock and is the executive director of the civil liberties defense center in oregon   said she learned of three cases in which officers with the taskforce   known as the jttf   tried to talk to activists in person . the three individuals   who include a native american and a non-indigenous activist   asserted their fifth amendment rights .
north dakota pipeline protests people protest along highway 1806 as they walk past a sprawling encampment on thursday   november 30 . hide caption 5 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests a person walks through snow and wind on tuesday . hide caption 8 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests people against the construction of the dakota access pipeline .
us denies key permit for dakota access pipeline   a win for tribe army corps of engineers will not grant the permit for the dakota access pipeline to drill under the missouri river . the army corps will undertake an environmental impact statement and look for alternative routes   the tribe said in its own announcement .
protests in north dakota have resulted in violence and arrests . harold hamm   ceo of continental resources   could also benefit from construction of the pipeline . in recent weeks   protests in north dakota have resulted in violence and arrests .
the corps said it would publish a notice in the federal register on wednesday stating its intent to prepare an environmental impact statement for the requested easement at lake oahe . the notice will invite interested parties to comment on potential issues and concerns   as well as alternatives to the proposed route   which should be considered in the study .
the washington post livestreamed the event on facebook   and tyt politics posted footage to youtube . in january   authorities cleared oceti sakowin camp   the main standing rock protest site near the dakota pipeline in cannon ball   north dakota . and on tuesday   a federal judge declined to temporarily stop construction of the final section of the dakota pipeline   which means oil can flow as soon as next week .
the leak was discovered last week by a landowner rather than the monitoring device which should have detected it . military veterans gathered to protest the dakota access pipeline in north dakota earlier this month . after months of protest   the u.s. army corps of engineers announced early in december it would deny a permit which would allow the dakota access pipeline to continue its planned route under lake oahe   effectively halting construction . the news was widely considered a victory for the thousands of people who had gathered at protest sites in north dakota .
the actress appeared in a video on thanksgiving to both debunk the myth about thanksgiving . the protest took place one day after a federal appeals court rejected a request to stop construction on the site . the pipeline will be built across sacred standing rock sioux burial grounds and land .
thousands of opponents who have protested for months have been leaving their main camp in southern north dakota   the last large chunk of construction for the project to move north dakota oil 1 200 miles to a shipping point in illinois . some pipeline opponents fear a federal judge will give etp permission to finish the project or that the administration of pro-energy president-elect donald trump will overturn an army decision this month not to grant permission for the river crossing .
the standing rock sioux tribe has been asking protesters to leave the reservation since the u.s. army corps of engineers agreed to do an environmental review in december . this month   when the bureau of indian affairs -lrb- bia -rrb- sent law enforcement to remove protesters   tribal leaders clarified that did not want anyone arrested or removed by force .
protesters also reported being hit with rubber bullets and percussion grenades . one person was arrested   according to the sheriffs department . one hundred sixty-seven people were injured and seven were taken to the hospital . the violence comes at a difficult time for indigenous activists at the camps .
feb 28   2017 months after water protectors had built a community of resistance against the completion of the dakota access pipeline   militarized police evict the camp   arresting 46 people . published on feb 28   2017 months after water protectors had built a community of resistance against the completion of the dakota access pipeline .
trump gives green light to keystone   dakota access pipelines on tuesday . read the presidential memorandums dakota access pipeline construction of american pipelines the pipelines had been stopped during the obama administration . president obama ordered work halted on the dakota pipeline after native american groups and other activists protested its route near culturally sensitive sites in north dakota .
the decision to bring in veterans from across the country deserve all the fireworks that can be launched into the gelid air in celebration of the army corps of engineers decision to re-route the dakota access pipeline . the decision to set up a specific amazon account for supplies . in the spirit of the people who walked into the firehoses in the 1960s in the american south   they completely reversed the attempts by authorities to break their movement through over-aggressive policing .
statement said anyone who remained would be considered unauthorised and could be subject to various citations . north dakota pipeline protesters told to leave it also said emergency services might not be adequately provided to the area . a representative for the agency could not be immediately reached on sunday to provide further clarification on its plans .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
protesters confronted police at blackwater bridge on highway 1806 in a melee . the bismarck protest was smaller than the thousands of people . the bismarck protest was smaller than the thousands of people .
travelers arrive at the oceti sakowin camp where people have gathered to protest the dakota access oil pipeline as they walk into a tent next to an upside-down american flag in cannon ball   north dakota   dec. 2   2016 . trump has said he supports the pipelines because they benefit americans   not because of personal financial interest .
protesters say the pipeline threatens water resources and sacred tribal lands . the backwater bridge has been closed since late october . activists clashed with police in riot gear and set two trucks on fire . a total of 167 demonstrators have been hospitalized for severe head injuries .
the same vision can save the planet jill stein reaches plea deal over arrest at standing rock exposes heavy-handed policing of native lands julian brave noisecat the technology tigerswan used at standing rock may be state of the art . the use of policing to suppress indigenous protest is on the rise .
the pipeline developer energy transfer partners announced earlier this month that it started shipping oil to customers . etp maintains that the 1 200-mile pipeline is safe   but the standing rock cheyenne river   yankton and oglala sioux tribes in the dakotas fear environmental harm .
the bbc is not responsible for the content of external sites . the movement is becoming more than a protest . the bbc is not responsible for the content of external sites . read about our approach to external linking .
us denies key permit   who have the backing of the incoming trump administration   have insisted the project would still go ahead . tara houska   a member of the couchiching first nation   was similarly circumspect . nothing indicates for us to pack up and go home . monday was supposed to have been a day of resistance and prayer at the sprawling encampment .
police officers in morton county used water cannon and rubber bullets on unarmed pipeline protesters   who have been occupying the federally-owned land since august . over 160 people have been injured in standoffs with law enforcement over the weekend . this website uses cookies . read rt privacy policy to find out more .
relevant personnel are combing the site for dead bodies rolled up in tarps   as well as weapons that could be used against morton county police officers . they are using bulldozers and earth-moving equipment to scrape the area clean of debris . tens of thousands of environmentalists and american indian tribes descended upon the cannonball and missouri rivers to derail the multi-state oil project   which   when completed   will shuttle 500 000 barrels of bakken oil from north dakota to illinois .
jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists mike mcfeely . ptfs sets dates for ` funky little christmas ' shows in fargo sexton to return to fargo for sanctuary show anderson cooper . about 400 protesters are on the bridge and attempting to breach the bridge to go north on north dakota highway 1806 .
u.s. district judge james boasberg is to hear arguments this afternoon on whether it should be stopped while the lawsuit plays out . developer energy transfer partners last week received final approval from the army to lay pipe under the missouri river in north dakota . the final chunk of construction for the 1 200-mile pipeline to move north dakota oil to illinois .
the army corps of engineers agrees   and has said so publicly and in federal court filings . in spite of consistently stating at every turn that the permit for the crossing of the missouri river at lake oahe granted in july 2016   comported with all legal requirements   including the use of an environmental assessment   rather than an environmental impact statement   the army corps now seeks to engage in additional review and analysis of alternative locations for the pipeline .
oil producers in canada and north dakota are expected to benefit from a quicker route for crude oil to u.s. gulf coast refiners . but going ahead with the pipelines would mark a bitter defeat for native american tribes and climate activists . even though canada is already the biggest source of u.s. crude imports   boosting the flow from a close ally is seen in washington as a way to improve u.s. energy security .
the ruling may establish some important precedents   particularly around environmental justice and treaty rights . the dakota access pipeline runs 1 100 miles across much of the great plains   connecting the bakken oil formation in north dakota to a refinery and second pipeline in illinois . by late october   standing rock had become the largest and most high-profile native protest in the united states in four decades .
indigenous people all around the world are converging at the 22nd conference . over 300 cities took part in a day of action to protest the pipeline too . in new york   police arrested 39 people   according to greenpeace .
protests have turned increasingly violent   with around 2 000 veterans coming to the aid of water protectors over the weekend as the army corps of engineers threatened to evict them . it 's a huge and unexpected victory   one that 's come as a welcome surprise to the thousands of people who 've been protesting the pipeline 's constructions as temperatures have begun to drop below 0 .
the federal government has been taking land from lakota and dakota people for 150 years . the site of the current dispute   exists because of a dam project built by the army corps of engineers . in 1962   president john f. kennedy dedicated the dam   hailing it as a symbol of a free society tapping its natural resources .
goodman knows the standing rock tribe in north dakota . he finally did the right thing to kill the keystone pipeline   which   by the way   under a trump may be reopened again .
construction of the pipeline is continuing despite the tribe 's concerns . two viral tweets suggest a double standard in the fight over the pipeline . the route was too close to bismarck 's well water supply and the homes in the community .
the washington post livestreamed the event on facebook   and tyt politics posted footage to youtube . in january   authorities cleared oceti sakowin camp   the main standing rock protest site near the dakota pipeline in cannon ball   north dakota . and on tuesday   a federal judge declined to temporarily stop construction of the final section of the dakota pipeline   which means oil can flow as soon as next week .
the standing rock sioux tribe and other protesters were hit with a double whammy of bad news over the last few days . many believe the eviction threat to be related to the increasing level of violence that has been occurring between law enforcement and protesters . for months the standing rock protests were peaceful   but they have now devolved substantially   and increasing accounts of violence .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
only 29 percent of total bakken oil production moved by rail . there were 252 pipeline spills reported to phmsa involving crude oil   versus 44 for the rail industry . the rise in accidents followed a surge in volumes moving by rail each day   which hit a high of 29.2 million barrels per month in october 2014 .
the tribe feared the pipeline would contaminate their drinking water and destroy sacred sites . on 5 december   the us army corps of engineers denied a permit for the pipeline to cross the river   handing a major victory to the thousands of native american and environmental activists who established encampments on the banks of the river to oppose the pipeline . ron his horse is thunder   a member of the hunkpapa-lakota oyate tribe .
the oceti sakowin camp   the epicenter of pipeline opposition   is growing in size - and quickly winterizing in expectation of harsher weather . dozens of insulated tipis have popped up in recent weeks   adding to those that have dotted these barren plains since last summer . yurts   a round tent popular in the cold tundra of east asia   have started appearing .
state officials issued an order on monday for activists to vacate the oceti sakowin camp . the 1 172-mile -lrb- etp.n km -rrb- pipeline project   owned by texas-based energy transfer partners lp -lrb- etp.n -rrb-   is mostly complete   except for a segment planned to run under lake oahe   a reservoir formed by a dam on the missouri river . veterans stand for standing rock   a contingent of more than 2 000 u.s. military veterans   intends to go to north dakota .
protesters trying to push past a long-blocked bridge on a state highway late sunday . at least 17 protesters were injured severely enough to be taken to hospitals . the pipeline is being built to carry oil from western north dakota to a shipping point in illinois .
activists   who are demonstrating in sub-zero temperatures   have been ordered to leave the area by monday . it is unclear if they will obey the installation of a multi-billion dollar oil pipeline . the pipeline runs close to the standing rock sioux native american indian reservation .
the pipeline was in its final stages of preparing to transport oil when the leak occurred . the standing rock sioux tribe   which has fought energy transfer partners and the u.s. government in court   argues that the project requires a full environmental study to assess the risks . standing rock sioux tribe chairman dave archambault ii said the spill is just one more sign the courts should intervene .
nation mar 10   2017 6:16 pm edt . march and a rally in lafayette square across from the white house came after four days of protest   prayer and lobbying on capitol hill . but goldtooth said the momentum from the fight signaled the start of a larger movement .
lawyers for the standing rock sioux tribe will file a motion this week asking a federal judge to rule on the legality of the project . and a separate tribe is suing against the pipeline on religious grounds   saying it threatens water sacred to american indians . tribes in the region say oahe has both practical and religious purposes . but the tribes are shifting their strategy now that the trump administration has issued an easement allowing construction of the pipeline span under the lake .
the other concern is the polluting of the missouri river by months of accumulated debris   including human waste   generated by the activists which occupied the camp . the governor gave residents until the afternoon of february 22 to leave . the standing rock sioux tribe claims placing the pipeline under the oahe lake could contaminate water for millions of people if it leaked .
native americans have been very vocal about shutting the pipeline down . fonda was taking a new approach to protest the pipeline   fearing it will threaten air and water quality in many states and violate sacred indian burial sites .
the u.s. army corps of engineers legally blocked the construction of the dakota access pipeline   denying it a needed easement to drill beneath the missouri river . it will specifically examine whether the pipeline should be moved or cancelled altogether . this is not even the principal legal dispute in the standing rock case .
the project was originally scheduled to be operational by the end of 2016 . however   the project was delayed due to protests from environmentalists as well as the tribes residing in and around the area . today   the project was delayed due to protests from environmentalists as well as the tribes residing in and around the area .
president trump signed five executive orders   two of which revive the dakota access -lrb- dapl -rrb- and keystone xl pipelines . the other three were drafted to fast track the environmental permitting processes required to complete the controversial projects while directing the commerce department to maximize the use of u.s. steel in their construction .
the likely epicentre of the coming battle is nebraska   the very place where opposition to keystone began years ago . transcanada must still reach deals with some landowners there   it lacks a state permit and faces possible court challenges there and in south dakota .
a previously proposed route for the 1 172-mile pipeline had it crossing the missouri river north of bismarck   north dakota   according to a document filed as part of the permitting process . the eventual route was decided on   and is currently in construction   moved the water crossing of the crude oil pipeline south of the north dakota capital   to just upstream of the standing rock sioux tribe 's reservation . the corps rejected the bismarck route to protect wells that serve the municipal water supply .
sw winds shifting to nw at 10 to 15 mph . sw winds shifting to nw at 10 to 15 mph . estimated 7 000 people gathered there in solidarity with the standing rock sioux tribe in opposition to the dakota access pipeline project .
jan 24   2017 ... president donald trump on tuesday signed executive actions to advance approval of the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipelines . jan 24   2017 ... president donald trump on tuesday signed executive actions to advance approval of the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipelines .
standing rock has become the first major american battleground of the 21st century most recently   on the evening of sunday   november 20   as temperatures dipped down to 26 degrees fahrenheit   law enforcement officials blasted hundreds of people with water cannons near oceti sakowin camp . video can be seen at the guardian .
a federal investigation has shown that the spill was nearly twice as big as transcanada claimed in november   making it the seventh-largest onshore oil spill since 2002 . the keystone pipeline spilled 9 700 barrels   or 407 000 gallons   a spokeswoman for transcanada told the aberdeen american news on saturday . this is almost twice the amount of 5 000 barrels   or 210 000 gallons .
the pipeline   which runs close to the standing rock sioux native american indian reservation   is nearly complete except for a section running underneath a nearby river . president-elect donald trump has said he supports the completion of the pipeline . he has stocks in texas-based energy transfer partners .
the easement was granted wednesday after the army corps told a federal court and members of congress that it intended to do so   and that it would bypass the customary 14-day waiting period to move quickly on the project . the decision came just days after president trump signed an executive order to continue construction of the pipeline   despite months of tense protests in north dakota   where the pipeline remains unfinished . thousands of protesters   including members of the standing rock sioux tribe   have camped at standing rock to stop the building of the 30-inch underground pipeline .
the 1 172-mile pipeline would cross the missouri river just north of the current boundaries of the standing rock indian reservation . it poses a battle against a ruling class which established its sway through enslavement of african americans and genocide against the native american peoples   and has persecuted them ever since . the 1 172-mile pipeline would cross the missouri river next to the standing rock indian reservation .
the proposed laws would variously increase the penalties for protesting in large groups . more than 1 000 people camped in standing rock for months in an attempt to stop the construction of the pipeline . both bills were seen as reactions to protests against the dakota access pipeline .
the standing rock sioux are filing a separate legal challenge   asking the judge to declare the permit approved by the trump administration illegal . judge boasberg is ordering the pipeline company to provide weekly updates that detail exactly when oil is expected to flow underneath lake oahe .
thousands of protesters are vowing to make what may be their last stand at standing rock . after four months of prayer marches and clashes with law enforcement officials who responded with tear gas and water cannons . the fight has drawn thousands of tribal members   veterans   activists and celebrities and transformed a frozen patch of north dakota into a focal point for environmental and tribal activism .
bnp said it made the decision after a review of the project and consulting with all of its stakeholders . after the pipeline was approved   lingering protestors cleared the encampment occupied since august at the edge of the standing rock reservation near cannon ball   north dakota . some protesters have turned their focus to divestment campaigns targeting banks with a stake in the pipeline .
one officer was injured when struck in the head with a rock . the pipeline is largely complete except for the section under a river reservoir . protesters say the closed bridge near their main camp blocks emergency services . at least 17 protesters were injured severely enough to be taken to hospitals .
more news next story not available just for you not available trending not available . the company set to install the pipeline had previously received clearance and all approvals to move forward with the project . the cause of the explosion is being blamed on the other side by protestors and law enforcement alike .
a full list of supplies needed can be found here . they have said they will appeal the judgement . the disputed area is just to the north of a more permanent and larger encampment on federally-owned land where hundreds of protesters have camped for months .
the veterans remain committed to nonviolent action in defense of the standing rock sioux against energy transfer partners . in december   tentative celebration erupted when usace halted pipeline construction in order to perform an exhaustive environmental impact study before granting the aforementioned easement .
the leader of the standing rock sioux tribe called on barack obama to stop the dakota access pipeline . the clash on sunday took place after demonstrators gathered on the backwater bridge   north of a protest camp in morton county   according to authorities . about 400 people attempted to breach a law enforcement blockade on the bridge to go north on highway 1806 .
pipeline is an approximately 1 172 mile pipeline that would connect the bakken and three forks oil production areas in north dakota to an existing crude oil terminal near pakota   illinois . the pipeline is 30 inches in diameter and is projected to transport approximately 470 000 barrels of oil per day   with a capacity as high as 570 000 barrels . the current proposed pipeline route would cross lake oahe   an army corps of engineers project on the missouri river .
u.s. district judge james boasberg said the tribe waited too long to argue that the conduit threatened to make lake water impure and unsuitable for their religious practices . the 1 172-mile pipe will carry crude from shale oil-rich northwestern north dakota to a terminal in patoka   illinois . another sioux band   the standing rock   started the fight in july with a challenge to its route across land they said is historic .
donald trump signed executive actions on tuesday to advance the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipelines . story continued below keystone xl   which was rejected by former president barack obama in 2015 . during the presidential campaign   trump repeatedly promised to approve keystone xl   which would carry canadian oil sands crude from alberta to texas   and he said he wants the u.s. government to get 25 percent of the pipeline 's profits .
the easement was granted wednesday after the army corps told a federal court and members of congress that it intended to do so   and that it would bypass the customary 14-day waiting period to move quickly on the project . the decision came just days after president trump signed an executive order to continue construction of the pipeline   despite months of tense protests in north dakota   where the pipeline remains unfinished . thousands of protesters   including members of the standing rock sioux tribe   have camped at standing rock to stop the building of the 30-inch underground pipeline .
one year ago   one of the biggest conflicts of the months long protest against dapl unfolded on the backwater bridge on highway 1806 in north dakota . law enforcement used tear gas   rubber bullets   stun grenades and for the first time   water during sub-zero temperatures to push back people from the front lines of the bridge .
the u. s. army corps of engineers has set a deadline of dec. 5 for the eviction of the oceti sakowin camp for people protesting the dakota access pipeline from corps-owned land . the order comes three days after the corps told the standing rock tribe it would close the corps-managed land north of the cannonball river on dec. 5 . however   the state does not have plans to remove people from the site .
only 29 percent of total bakken oil production moved by rail . there were 252 pipeline spills reported to phmsa involving crude oil   versus 44 for the rail industry . the rise in accidents followed a surge in volumes moving by rail each day   which hit a high of 29.2 million barrels per month in october 2014 .
the keystone pipeline is part of a 2 687-mile system that carries crude oil from alberta to several points in the united states   including illinois . an announcement in nebraska is expected on monday . the pipeline company   transcanada   said in a statement that the south dakota leak was detected around 6 a.m. local time on thursday .
the article was published in january   but it drew renewed attention on tuesday . as the outrage grew on twitter   fox news took action   deleting the version fox nation had published . that version had been published by mike raust   who was then a video editor at the daily caller .
citibank is one of 17 banks that have provided funding for the dakota access pipeline . according to the us army said it would cancel an environmental study and move forward with construction   according to the chicago tribune . a chicago police tactical unit was dispatched to cut the chains that locked the activists together .
the strongly-worded press release is clear : not even the president can stop them from completing the dakota access pipeline in its original form . below is the full text of the press release   the army corps now seeks to engage in additional review and analysis of alternative locations for the pipeline .
two protesters   one of whom was wearing a vikings brett favre jersey   climbed to the rafters and unfolded a giant banner urging us bank to divest from the controversial pipeline . 20 photos celebrities hold protest for the north dakota pipeline actor shailene woodley stands with native americans on stage .
the pipeline reopened monday   less than a week after a leak sent 63 000 gallons of crude oil into the kentucky river . company officials say they are working with local water treatment facilities to ensure drinking water remains safe . it still was not clear what caused the underground pipeline to rupture january 26th .
the former ceo of exxonmobil   recused himself from state 's review of the pipeline in february   a department ethics lawyer wrote in a letter to greenpeace on thursday . story continued below greenpeace on wednesday asked the office of government ethics to urge tillerson to remove himself from any state decisions that might affect his former company for one year of taking office . pipeline developer transcanada filed its application in late january after president donald trump urged it to do so . the state department is supposed to finish its review of the pipeline application in the next few weeks .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
terry nelson   grand chief of the southern chiefs ' organization   speaks at the 2016 liberal biennial convention in winnipeg on may 28   2016 . nelson says one option includes blocking access to pumping stations along a pipeline operated by enbridge   which has plans to acquire a stake in the u.s. pipeline project . after the meeting   dakota tipi members held a pipe ceremony on the trans-canada highway near portage la prairie   man.   temporarily blocking a lane of traffic .
ct nov. 25   2016 law enforcement and protesters clashed sunday   november 20   2016   near the dakota access oil pipeline . a group of 12 traveled from springfield to join the demonstrations against pipeline construction . lemalu   who is indigenous polynesian   said she faces multiple surgeries and could lose an arm .
most of the money is going to pay personnel costs . learn more about the standing rock protests and the dakota access pipeline . most of the money is going to pay personnel costs .
the meskwaki   standing rock sioux and the cheyenne river sioux tribes have opposed the project . while the obama administration had withheld permission for the project   president donald trump signed a presidential memorandum advancing its approval . the army corps of engineers has since granted dakota access the easement to cross federally-owned land .
the keystone pipeline is part of a 2 687-mile system that carries crude oil from alberta to several points in the united states   including illinois . an announcement in nebraska is expected on monday . the pipeline company   transcanada   said in a statement that the south dakota leak was detected around 6 a.m. local time on thursday .
col. john g. buck   commander of the state department of engineers   was honored with the gift of a hand-woven traditional blanket   a high honor in indian country . also honored was hilary franz   the newly elected commissioner of the state department of natural resources . about the dapl protest the trump administration has advanced the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipeline projects .
thousands of protestors have visited the sacred stone camp since april . thousands remain on the plains despite the frigid weather and threats by local militia . in the past week   ace hardware stores in bismarck   n. d.   are in-stock and selling 1 lb .
tribal chairman dave archambault remained defiant   repeating his call for president obama to stop the project . but all access to the present camp on the north side of the river will be closed . about the dapl protest the trump administration has advanced the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipeline projects .
protest is partly led by the standing rock sioux tribe   which has been battling the federal government for more than a year over an oil pipeline . the two-way dakota access pipeline court challenge denied   oil could flow as soon as next week according to a website set up by march organizers .
the network is an activist group that opposes the pipeline   which would carry bakken crude oil across the missouri river just north of the standing rock sioux reservation . braun said she once was struck by a woman who objected to her video-recording a protest outside a fast-food restaurant in mandan   and she worries the bill would embolden people to harm pipeline protesters .
the lake   a water source formed by a dam on the missouri river   has been the focus of protesters . energy transfer partners said in a statement the decision was politically motivated and it did not intend to reroute the line . last week trump for the first time voiced support for the dakota access project .
protesters set fire to two trucks and several parts of the bridge . police say the protesters are not peaceful and that water was used to put out fires as well as to control the crowds .
nancy scanie from cold lake dene first nation in alberta represents the athabasca keepers of the water . the standing rock sioux tribe   represented by earthjustice   brought a lawsuit against the corps for the pipeline in july of this year . the decision is major victory for the standing rock sioux tribe and all who stood in solidarity over the last few months . the corps granted permits for the pipeline in july 2016 under a highly streamlined approval process known as nationwide permitting .
the rupture of an underwater oil pipeline is believed to have caused the fireball   which erupted close to the site of an oil refinery . the rupture of an underwater oil pipeline is believed to have caused the fireball   which erupted close to the site of an oil refinery rescue workers   the river went up in flames after a nearby grass fire reached the oil that had leaked from the pipeline .
phillips 66 owns a 40 percent interest in the joint venture   while energy transfer partners and sunoco logistics each have a 30 percent interest . the proposed bayou bridge route is an estimated 60 miles from phillips 66 paradis pipeline station . protesters and residents tweeted their opposition to the bayou bridge .
near lake oahe   which began pumping oil in june   needs to go through a more thorough environmental review process   especially near lake oahe . opponents of the pipeline requested boasberg impose conditions on the pipeline until regulators finalize that review . sign up for our daily email .
your browser will redirect to your requested content shortly . this process is automatic   checking your browser before accessing treealerts.org . your browser will redirect to your requested content shortly . checking your browser before reload the page .
the large oceti camp is south of the backwater bridge   and several hundred people are camped there . the route has been the subject of months of protests by the standing rock sioux tribe and others . the route has been the subject of months of protests by the standing rock sioux tribe and others .
the encampment at standing rock   which sits directly in the path of the intended dakota access route   has swelled exponentially   as indigenous and non-indigenous protesters arrived to oppose the pipeline over concerns of land and water safety . the encampment at standing rock sits directly in the path of the intended dakota access route .
the reservation is a half-mile south of the proposed pipeline crossing . instead   the corps will be undertaking an environmental impact statement to look at possible alternative routes . bernie sanders   a proponent for preserving the sacred land tweeted his thanks to the obama administration once the decision was made public .
the leak from the belle fourche pipeline   approximately two and a half hours from the dapl protest site   started at the beginning of the month or earlier . electronic monitoring systems failed to detect the leak . the oil spread approximately six miles down the creek before the spill was stopped . anti-dapl protesters have suggested a similar scenario could occur with the dakota access pipeline .
tom fennario aptn national news north dakota has a bit of an extended summer . but now that temperatures are starting to drop water protectors at protest camps in standing rock need to winterize .
the federal cleanup at the last of the three camps   sacred stone   was declared finished thursday . a florida sanitation company completed work that began feb. 23 to hasten the massive restoration project started in late january by the standing rock sioux . the tribe   aided by state and local agencies as well as some protest volunteers   launched the cleanup over concerns that snowmelt would inevitably wash tons of garbage and waste left by protesters .
a full list of supplies needed can be found here . they have said they will appeal the judgement . the disputed area is just to the north of a more permanent and larger encampment on federally-owned land where hundreds of protesters have camped for months .
the operation was designed to attract people looking for sexual activity illegally online . the men were a wide range of ages   some in their 20s and others   in their late 50s . so far   no formal charges have been filed . the north dakota national guard says the man works part-time   but is still employed .
a federal judge ruled that the federal permits authorizing the pipeline to cross the missouri river just upstream of the standing rock reservation . the pipeline would carry up to 570 000 barrels a day of crude oil from the bakken oil fields in north dakota to illinois where it links with another pipeline that will transport the oil to terminals and refineries along the gulf of mexico .
a group of military veterans is now organizing to join the protests in december to help the water protectors . the standing rock sioux tribe is worried that the pipeline will negatively impact water quality on its reservation and imperil cultural heritage sites . proponents of the project say it will boost the economy   creating thousands of construction jobs .
dakota access pipeline activists have said they will not leave a protest camp . activists and tribes protesting plans to run the dakota access oil pipeline under a lake near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . the main camp has turned into a sprawling village with semi-permanent structures   motor homes and trailers .
the pipeline has been in the works for years . but it was approved by the us army corps of engineers on july 25 . they 've mounted a big campaign trying to stop the pipeline .
news all news local together 4 colorado politics business reality check entertainment investigates healthwatch links & info latest headlines proposition 112 opponents sit down for first debate for the first time   the opposing sides in what could be the most hard fought ballot measure this year went head to head in a debate . woman in houseboat explosion thanks doctors who ` never gave up ' a woman from castle rock is slowly walking again after needing a wheelchair for almost a year .
part of the 1 170-mile pipeline would cross the missouri river near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . environmentalists and activists say the pipeline will cross through sacred land and endanger the water supply . powered by its own proprietary technology   mashable is the go-to source for tech   digital culture and entertainment content .
trump signed an executive order blocking citizens from entering the united states for 90 days . the order inspired widespread protests   including one from the state of washington . on feb. 3   a federal court judge issued a temporary restraining order halting the ban until arguments in the case could be heard . but courts seem to be so political   including one from the state of washington .
judge boasberg issued his ruling monday in washington   d.c.   and will consider the request more thoroughly at a feb. 27 hearing . the cheyenne river and standing rock sioux requested the temporary injunction last week after texas-based energy transfer partners got federal permission to lay pipe under a missouri river reservoir in north dakota . the cheyenne river and standing rock sioux requested the temporary injunction last week . texas-based energy transfer partners got federal permission to lay pipe under a missouri river reservoir in north dakota .
standing rock tribe   which has fought the pipeline corporation energy transfer partners and the us government in court   has argued that the project requires a full environmental study to assess the risks of the pipeline . the spill was relatively minor and was caused by a mechanical failure at a surge pump . standing rock sioux tribe chairman dave archambault ii said the spill is another sign that the courts should intervene .
the united nations is looking into allegations of human rights abuses by authorities against native american protesters . many have raised concerns about excessive force   unlawful arrests and mistreatment in jail   where some activists have been held in cages . she says the native americans will be the ones who face any environmental impacts of the project .
patches barnstable-hyannis martha 's vineyard falmouth augusta plymouth portland hingham weymouth marblehead beverly state edition us national edition best of patch nationwide see all patches toledo green beer to combat toxic water this nursery fixture hurts too many babies : report 5 math skills your kid needs for kindergarten photos : emmy awards 2018 winners 7 frank lloyd wright homes for sale right now risks of ignoring hurricane evacuation orders happiest states : see how they ranked patch pet of the week .
robinson meyer feb 10   2017 a woman looks out over the oceti sakowin camp . in his first three weeks in office   president donald trump bucked norms about executive propriety and canceled an environmental-impact review ordered by the obama administration . normally   any easement issued by the federal government would require a two-week waiting period   but this time the army corps specifically waived that pause . so in what will likely be their final attempt to block the mega-infrastructure project   the local sioux tribes have reached for a new   emergency legal argument .
francis spoke two days after a u.s. federal judge denied a request by tribes to halt construction of the final link of the project that sparked months of protests by activists aimed at stopping the 1 172-mile line . the standing rock sioux and cheyenne river sioux tribes have argued the project would prevent them from practicing religious ceremonies at a lake they say is surrounded by sacred ground . but last week   the army corps granted a final easement   after president donald trump issued an order to advance the project days after he took office in january .
anthony nocella   assistant professor of sociology at fort lewis college   said the 14-car   50-plus person trip out of durango is one of the largest independently organized caravans from a university . he said students wanted to show solidarity with the tribes in standing rock   in large part because the student enrollment at fort lewis college is about 36 percent native american   representing hundreds of tribes across the country .
the move was announced as hundreds of veterans descended on the site in support of the protesters . authorities also asked protesters not to remove barriers on the bridge   which they have said was damaged in the late october conflict . protesters also are not supposed to walk   ride or fly drones north of the bridge .
authorities do n't know what caused the fire on the phillips 66 pipeline in paradis   but a crew of six workers was cleaning it at the time . the pipeline was carrying a highly volatile byproduct of natural gas   which was burning cleanly and very hotly over a 30 - to 40-foot area . sixty homes were evacuated and highways were being diverted around the area in paradis   which is about 30 miles west of new orleans .
the north dakota governor has put the national guard on standby . the 1 170-mile pipeline would carry 470 000 barrels of oil a day alongside the reservation and underneath the missouri river   which provides drinking water to millions of people . no ads . just readers like you . you can help fund powerful stories to light the way forward . donate now . blog comments powered by disqus please enable javascript to view the comments powered by disqus .
clark was one of the nearly 2 000-strong group   veterans stand for standing rock . the city was supposed to start sourcing water from lake huron in 2013   rather than purchasing it from detroit . the demonstration against the pipeline 's construction has been going on for months .
standing rock sioux tribe resolution opposing the dakota access pipeline   if built   would transport as much as 450 000 barrels of oil per day . its proposed route would cross the cannonball river and across the missouri river   twice . the proposed pipeline would also threaten significant sites of historical and cultural significance to many northern plains tribes   including the lakota   dakota   mandan and cheyenne .
proponents say the pipeline would significantly decrease u.s. reliance on foreign oil . opponents say it would destroy culturally significant native american land and have environmental impacts   including potential water contamination and greenhouse gas emissions . the standing rock sioux tribe and its supporters have been protesting the project for months .
the land to be closed includes the oceti sakowin camp   a sprawling encampment on army corps land about 50 miles south of bismarck . the leader of the cheyenne river sioux in south dakota is calling for all opponents of the dakota access oil pipeline to boycott businesses in bismarck   the capital of north dakota .
police sprayed water cannons in freezing temperatures on protesters just north of the standing rock indian reservation in north dakota nov. 20 . protesters trying to push past a long-blocked bridge on a state highway late sunday and early monday . at least 17 protesters were injured severely enough to be taken to hospitals .
vincent viola went from a humble immigrant background to the founder of a highly-successful financial firm in new york . a huge legal   political and public relations challenge will be confirmed as secretary of the army . officially   the project is on hold in order for the army corps to conduct a more thorough review of the final portion of the pipeline in response to concerns raised by the standing rock sioux tribe and its many allies .
protesters say a leak in the dakota access pipeline   which trump just advanced   could be a ` death sentence ' erin brodwin jan. 25   2017   11:05 am createperformancemark -lrb- ` first image displayed ' and a woman stands in front of the north dakota capitol building . in december   the us army corps of engineers rejected the permit that the project needed for its completion . but on tuesday   trump signed a series of directives aimed at speeding up the pipeline 's approval process .
if the dapl construction is completed   500 000 barrels of oil each day will be piped under the missouri river at lake oahu less than one half-mile north of the standing rock reservation . join the ucc contingent at the rise with standing rock march next month . please review our community guidelines before posting a comment .
protesters in north dakota have said the pipeline will threaten the land near the standing rock indian reservation . the rally was put together by a coalition of academic higher education unions . it is intended to transport about 470 000 barrels per day across four states   according to developer energy access partners .
the us court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit ruled on saturday that the tribes had not met the requirements for the order to be issued . the decision to seek an emergency order comes after both native american tribes lost a legal bid last week to stop construction on the last link   which runs under lake oahe in north dakota . the tribes and environmental activists tried to stop with all legal means available at their disposal .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
north dakota pipeline protests people protest along highway 1806 as they walk past a sprawling encampment on thursday   november 30 . hide caption 5 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests a person walks through snow and wind on tuesday . hide caption 8 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests people against the construction of the dakota access pipeline .
north dakota pipeline protests people protest along highway 1806 as they walk past a sprawling encampment on thursday   november 30 . hide caption 5 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests a person walks through snow and wind on tuesday . hide caption 8 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests people against the construction of the dakota access pipeline .
the thomson reuters trust principles delayed a minimum of 15 minutes . etp did not respond to reuters request to comment . nerijus did not respond to reuters request to comment . see here for a complete list of exchanges and delays .
police and law enforcement oil and gas dakota are cracking down on dakota access pipeline protesters as police prepare to clear a camp set up in the pipeline 's path   human-rights groups are concerned about abuses by law enforcement . demonstrators set up a new camp   called winter camp   in the pathway of pipeline construction   which may be an attempt to keep away news helicopters . the department has repeatedly emphasized that protesters are violent .
lily herman feb 21   2017 2:53 pm est facebook twitter pinterest facebook dialog pinterest scott olson demonstrators have been camping out at standing rock in north dakota for months to protest the construction of the dakota access pipeline . the intercept reported that construction has already restarted   and oil could be going through the dakota access pipeline within the next 30 days . if they are n't out of the camp by then   the women say in the video .
by john nicholstwitter december 1   2016 fb tw mail print msg wa sms representative tulsi gabbard speaks during a news conference on november 15   2015 . by john nicholstwitter december 1   gabbard broke with democratic party leaders to support the insurgent presidential campaign of vermont senator bernie sanders   another critic of the 1 170-mile dakota access pipeline .
stevens said the oil industry must battle what he called misinformation about pipeline projects while touting benefits . the dakota access pipeline began moving north dakota oil to illinois on june 1 . but a judge has ordered the army corps of engineers to do more study on its impact on the standing rock sioux tribe .
the tribe still wants to speak with trump about the dakota access pipeline to prevent him from approving the final phase of construction . the pipeline is complete except for a 1-mile -lrb- 1.61 km -rrb- segment that was to run under lake oahe   which required permission from federal authorities . the camp celebrated the decision   but some expressed concern their victory could be short-lived .
north dakota pipeline protests people protest along highway 1806 as they walk past a sprawling encampment on thursday   november 30 . hide caption 5 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests a person walks through snow and wind on tuesday . hide caption 8 of 32 photos : north dakota pipeline protests people against the construction of the dakota access pipeline .
pope francis has said indigenous groups must give prior consent to economic activity affecting their lands . mahmoud omitted the comment about terrorism as he read his testimony aloud to a house energy subcommittee wednesday . the comment was included in written remarks submitted to the panel .
at standing rock in north dakota   indians from all over north america have been protesting for seven months in some ways never before seen . part of the process was for the united states army corps of engineers   the agency that approved the pipeline   to consult with tribes about how the pipeline would affect their reservations and treaty lands   sacred sites and cultural areas .
analysis of biological diversity found that pipelines in north dakota have spilled crude oil and other hazardous liquids at least 85 times since 1996 . in july 2013   some 840 000 gallons of crude oil spilled from a pipeline in tioga   north dakota   and contaminated a wheat field . instead   the corps will conduct a review of alternate pipeline routes and complete an environmental impact statement for the project .
donations has coincided with a wave of media attention the group has received over the past two days . but with the increased funds   wood jr. says   the group will be able to afford more equipment and supplies to aid them in their three-day mission   which will culminate in an attempt to break through the line of guards protecting the dakota access construction site . the standing rock sioux reservation   which spans the border of north and south dakota and is home to members of the lakota and dakota nations .
the dakota access pipeline fight is the future of environmental activism subscribe close home u.s. politics world business tech newsfeed living sports history the time vault magazine ideas time for kids time edge subscribe give a gift newsletters feedback privacy policy your california privacy rights terms of use ad choices rss time apps advertising reprints and permissions site map help customer service stay connected science environment the dakota access pipeline . but no matter what happens in north dakota   activist leaders say .
the request came to the state of wisconsin and we sent out a request to law enforcement to see who could support this mission . during the april 2015 blm protests in baltimore   pennsylvania sent in 300 state troopers and new jersey sent in 150 more in an attempt to manage the volatile situation .
blockade forces hours of delay to travel from the reservation to bismarck   punishing the sioux and other locals . blockade the water protectors were trying to open delayed her arrival at medical facilities in bismarck   50 miles away .
the final 50 000 bpd is expected to be online later this year . the second quarter   etp completed an open season for about 50 000 additional bpd on permian express 3   which represents the final phase of the 140 000 bpd project . that line is likely to come online by 2020   etp said in may .
donald trump signed executive orders to approve the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipelines . the second was about a pipeline in canada leaking over 50 000 gallons of oil in an aboriginal community . sign up for our newsletter .
the u.s. army corps of engineers said on sunday it turned down a permit for a controversial pipeline project running through north dakota . the line   owned by texas-based energy transfer partners lp   had been complete except for a segment planned to run under lake oahe   a reservoir formed by a dam on the missouri river . that stretch required an easement from federal authorities   which delayed a decision on the permit twice   in an effort to consult further with the tribe .
the official   maini kiai   is a reputed human rights lawyer . his statement on the protests in north dakota   which are largely being carried out by native americans   was endorsed by a slew of other high-ranking u.n. officials . the pipeline was originally supposed to pass close to north dakota 's capital   populated mostly by residents of european descent .
sharon lavigne and geraldine mayho   st. james residents and members of the community-based organization h.e.l.p.   had little to no faith the pipeline could be stopped through their town . mayho can see numerous oil storage tanks from her front yard . both women worry that air pollution from the oil and chemical facilities nearby are killing them . despite years of disappointment   lavigne finds herself hopeful again .
marie ojibwe tribe hung the pokagon band of potawatomi 's tribal flag at standing rock . inside a cozy storefront in dowagiac   atkinson is putting action with those words . antisdel says the clothing they collect will go to anyone in need .
the proposed crossing of corps property requires the granting of a right-of-way -lrb- easement -rrb- under the mineral leasing act -lrb- mla -rrb-   30 usc 185 . to date   the army has not made a final decision on whether to grant the easement pursuant to the mla . lake oahe is on the missouri river and owned by the corps .
dennis ward brings us the story of the biggest clash at standing rock to date . and then there are the tens of millions of these folk south of the border . and the election of donald trump has fanned fears over the dakota access pipeline and other   similar projects .
the full pipeline should be operational within three months   the developer of the long-delayed project said thursday . workers had already drilled entry and exit holes for the crossing   and oil had been put in the pipeline leading up to the lake in anticipation of finishing the project . work was stalled for months due to opposition by the standing rock sioux and cheyenne river sioux   as well as a prolonged court battle between the developer and the army corps of engineers .
justice department attorney reuben schifman has not given a new date for the review . the stage is being set for an indefinite stall while the oil flows ad infinitum . normally   standard procedure in environmental law is that the flow of oil would be enjoined by the court .
the native nations rise movement will bring a teepee encampment along with speakers and cultural workshops to the national mall next to the washington monument . the march   which is being led by the standing rock sioux tribe   the indigenous environmental network and the native organizers alliance   follows a years-long battle by the standing rock sioux and environmentalists against construction of the dakota access pipeline . but president trump greenlighted its completion with an executive order soon after taking office in january .
the assignment coincided with mass arrests one day and an increasing number of pipeline opponents gathering in morton county 25 miles south of bismarck   north of the standing rock sioux reservation . at least nine people were arrested for not following commands to leave .
energy transfer partners petitioned federal judge to allow them to continue   just one day after the halt was called . etp claimed that if they were not delivering oil by january 1   2017   their shipper contracts would expire   threatening the entire project . they moved forward without obtaining the permit they needed from the us army corps .
10 people were arrested outside of the main protest camp in north dakota . the arrests occurred on the road at the main entrance to oceti protest camp   which is situated at the edge of the standing rock sioux tribe reservation near cannonball   north dakota .
feb. 23   2017   feb. 23   also is expected to clear the rosebud and sacred stone camps . the sacred stone is located on private land within the standing rock reservation . crews are racing to clear the camps before the snowmelt washes trash   waste and debris .
protesters include various native american tribes as well as environmentalists and even actors including shailene woodley . state officials issued an order on monday for activists to vacate the oceti sakowin camp . the state 's latest decision not to stop cars entering the protest site indicated local officials will not actively enforce monday 's emergency order to evacuate the camp issued by governor jack dalrymple .
activists and protesters have occupied the standing rock sioux reservation for months in opposition to the completion of the dakota access pipeline . ball   nd - february 22 : campers prepare for the army corp 's 2 pm deadline to leave the oceti sakowin protest camp on february 22   2017 in cannon ball   north dakota . activists and protesters have occupied the standing rock sioux reservation for months in opposition .
parties are expected to meet boasberg next wednesday to discuss future steps . the standing rock sioux are expected to argue that pipeline operations should be halted . the tribe had sued the army corps over its approval of the controversial dakota access pipeline in north dakota .
nd 's senate race far from over more topics editorials jack zaleski letters matthew von pinnon columnists mike mcfeely rob port . ptfs sets dates for ` funky little christmas ' shows in fargo sexton to return to fargo for sanctuary show anderson cooper .
one officer was injured when he was hit in the head with a rock . many people were injured when   with temperatures below freezing   police deployed water canons   pepper spray   tear gas   rubber bullets and percussion grenades . kate bubacz is a senior photo editor for buzzfeed news and is based in los angeles .
keystone xl oil pipelines is in a flood plain   and heavy snow could pose dangers when it starts melting . transcanada   the calgary-based project owner   has said it would be interested in reviving the pipeline . the orders will likely have an immediate impact in north dakota .
indigenous peoples have it right julian brave noisecat published : 4 apr 2017 published . 27 mar 2017 the western idea of private property is flawed . indigenous peoples have it right julian brave noisecat .
the standing rock sioux maintain the land in question   recently acquired by texas-based energy transfer partners . during the late-october clash   military vehicles blocking the backwater bridge were set on fire and 147 people were arrested . but instead of removing the damaged vehicles   state officials left them where they were and   citing potential structural damage to the bridge .
people at the scene also said on social media that they had been teargassed and fired upon with rubber bullets . an estimated 400 protesters were attempting to breach the bridge to go north on highway 1806   and started a dozen fires   sheriff 's officials said . at monday 's news conference   kirchmeier said one officer sustained injuries when he was hit in the head with a rock .
the day is won   the black snake is dead   and it 's time to head home . but for the indigenous people they are leaving behind   the fight will rage on   harder than ever before . but etp does n't intend to stop plowing through sioux treaty lands   and republicans are bragging that once donald trump is in office .
company dakota access pipe through four states   including under lake oahe and through government land in north dakota   affecting the water of the tribe and 17 million people who live downstream . read more tribe running out of options to stop north dakota access pipeline the standing rock sioux tribe has long opposed the project   which they say would launch a legal fight   but also admitted they were running out of legal options .
law enforcement officers escalated their tactics against unarmed american indians and allies who have waged months of protests against the dakota access oil pipeline . the pipeline crosses ancestral lands of the standing rock sioux   passing less than a mile from the tribal reservation . tribe members fear contamination of their drinking water and damage to sacred sites .
a group protesting the dakota access oil pipeline has set up teepees on the national mall near the washington monument in march 7   2017 . native americans and environmental activists had lived at a camp on the site since august fighting construction of the pipeline . it is designed to transport up to 570 000 barrels of crude oil daily from north dakota to illinois .
laura mallonee laura mallonee photo 02.24.17 07:30 am photo of the week . some called the fire a ceremonial act of prayer   according to the bismark tribune . but before leaving   the water protectors who had spent months at the camp burned it all down .
andrew cullen in north dakota   work has stopped on one section of the controversial dakota access pipeline . she traveled 17 hours from albuquerque to bring a moving truck full of donations for the hundreds of people who are now living at the camp . the standing rock sioux tribe opposes the pipeline because the route crosses sacred sites and burial places .
protesters also reported being hit with rubber bullets and percussion grenades . one person was arrested   according to the sheriffs department . one hundred sixty-seven people were injured and seven were taken to the hospital . the violence comes at a difficult time for indigenous activists at the camps .
the first veterans rolled in this week   and over 2 000 more who are part of the group veterans for standing rock aim to arrive this weekend . they plan to gather peacefully   unarmed   according to their gofundme   to defend activists from what they describe as militarized law enforcement . president-elect donald trump said this week he supports finishing the dakota access pipeline .
the decision arrived after months of protests and legal action led by the standing rock sioux tribe . the tribe also argued that consultations around the pipeline   promised in treaties   were left out of the initial pipeline planning . in 2015 the obama administration rejected the keystone xl pipeline   which was due to carry crude oil 1 179 miles from alberta   canada   to nebraska   after years of debate .
the explosion had ripped out the radius bone   muscle   nerves and arteries of her left arm   and her hand was hanging by a few threads of flesh . the three were thought to be acting suspiciously and refused orders to emerge .
antonia juhasz   a journalist specializing in oil news   tweeted that the statement is an attempt by the pipeline builders to placate investors in the face of a decision that significantly increases their financial risk . the fact that company building dakota access pipeline says they expect to complete it   does n't mean it will be built . they have to say this . archambault also acknowledged the struggle of the young native american activists .
the dallas-based energy transfer partners informed the standing rock sioux that in five days its subsidiary would begin construction on a section of the dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- next to the reservation . the barricade was meant to stop the cops   or at least to slow them down . if the protesters were removed before then   dakota access would complete the 1 172-mile pipeline that would transport up to 570 000 barrels of crude a day .
camps close to where the pipeline is being constructed under lake oahe in north dakota . pipeline security and local police forces made controversial headlines throughout late 2016 with their use of militaristic tactics against the water protectors . the memos recently removed from the department of interior website could provide the necessary evidence for a court to rule in favor of the standing rock sioux tribe .
the project runs through land that the standing rock sioux tribe considers sacred   and the protests at standing rock -lrb- and elsewhere along the construction route -rrb- have become a national cause for those that oppose the construction . construction of the pipeline is completed except for the contested portion   but had been stalled by the obama administration . trump 's most recent federal election commission filings showed that he owned stock in energy transfer partners   one of the companies that is building the dakota access pipeline .
dozens have been arrested as part of those actions . as the lawsuits proceed   other members of the camp have been involved in nonviolent direct actions . the first camp you pass once through the checkpoint is a small one on the side of the road .
the standing rock sioux tribe and other native american protesters have been trying for months to block completion of the dakota access pipeline . it 's designed to transport half a million barrels of shale oil out of north dakota each day   and the tribe fears that a leak could threaten tribal drinking water . protesters have been camping on land now owned by the u.s. army corps of engineers .
keystone xl oil pipelines is in a flood plain   and heavy snow could pose dangers when it starts melting . transcanada   the calgary-based project owner   has said it would be interested in reviving the pipeline . the orders will likely have an immediate impact in north dakota .
the claim has been in the works since march 2017 . he said the claim has been in the works since march 2017 . in a letter to the president   burgum said officers made 761 arrests in eight months .
art tanderup   a nebraska farmer who spent the last five years crusading to keep transcanada from building the conduit over his modest 160 acres . he was even more distraught when president donald trump reversed course and announced he would approve keystone xl pipeline days after taking office in january . keystone xl was the subject of seven-year fight between environmentalists and the obama administration before trump reversed course .
the oceti sakowin camp is seen in the morning shrouded in mist during a protest against the dakota access pipeline near the standing rock indian reservation near cannon ball   north dakota . the army corps did not immediately respond to requests for comment .
nancy scanie from cold lake dene first nation in alberta represents the athabasca keepers of the water . the standing rock sioux tribe   represented by earthjustice   brought a lawsuit against the corps for the pipeline in july of this year . the decision is major victory for the standing rock sioux tribe and all who stood in solidarity over the last few months . the corps granted permits for the pipeline in july 2016 under a highly streamlined approval process known as nationwide permitting .
yurts   23   quit her job to move to the camp last month . she spends her days collating donated coats by size and gender in a tent near the camp 's main fire circle . thousands of people   led by the standing rock sioux tribe   are protesting the pipeline   which would carry crude oil from north dakota to illinois en route to gulf of mexico .
obama administration is expected to escalate conflicts at the dakota access protest site   which may lead the obama administration to postpone its decision until later next week . the announcement   however   is expected to escalate conflicts at the dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- project to begin as early as the beginning of next week .
harold hamm   a billionaire oilman and president-elect donald trump 's top energy adviser   does n't seem to believe the protests were authentic . he even questioned the motivations behind the efforts to stop the construction of the controversial pipeline . the 1 172-mile pipeline from energy transfer partners hopes to reshape the landscape of u.s. crude oil supply by transporting crude from the oil-rich bakken formation in north dakota through the midwest .
nov 17   2017 0 officials with transcanada were on the scene of an oil leak from the keystone pipeline southeast of amherst friday . nov 17   2017 0 this jet airplane registered to transcanada pipeline was parked at the aberdeen regional airport friday . nov 17   2017 0 this ariel view taken friday shows the size of the oil leak from the keystone pipeline southeast of amherst .
sen. john hoeven   r-n.d.   said tuesday   jan. 31   2017 . thousands of veterans were present   having traveled to north dakota for the weekend . but hilton   61   celebrated with hesitancy that night   as did nearly everyone else at the campsite . protest leaders have asked veterans to help with tasks around the camp .
donald trump issued an executive order yesterday ordering that construction . the order not only violates the rights of the people of standing rock   but it also violates the current order from the army corps of engineers to halt construction . over the past year   most of these funds will see on the various websites have already exhausted the legal aid that they have raised .
the letter also states that the army corps intends to waive the usual 14-day waiting period after congressional notification   meaning drilling could begin as early as wednesday . over 70 arrested at standing rock as dakota access aims to finish pipeline read more the decision sets the stage for a tense showdown at the site of the drilling   where indigenous and environmental activists have been camped for nearly a year .
while the u.s. army corps of engineers approved the easement which will allow for the completion of the dakota access pipeline last week   some 300 water protectors remain at standing rock encampments near cannon ball   north dakota . the standing rock sioux tribe and cheyenne river sioux tribe have filed court actions to stop the dakota access pipeline .
the us army corps officially announced their intention to conduct a lengthy environmental inspection before issuing a permit for construction of the dakota access pipeline . just days after president trump 's memoranda were issued   the corps reversed that decision and on feb. 7 issued permission to begin drilling . but it stops short of requiring the government to act on those suggestions   and anderson believes such a statutory fix is necessary .
u.s. tribes for the army corps of engineers to withdraw an easement on religious grounds for the final link of the dakota access pipeline . the tribes   who have rights to water access in the area   say that the oil pipeline would spiritually degrade river and lake water and harm religious practices even if it does not spill .
the camp gained increased attention starting in august after its population had grown and authorities made their first arrests . at its height   the camp included thousands of people   but the numbers had dwindled during the winter and as the fight over the pipeline moved into the courts . most protesters left peacefully wednesday   when authorities closed the camp   but some stayed overnight in defiance of the government order . only one person resisted arrest ; otherwise there were no major incidents .
plans had called for the pipeline to pass very near the reservation of the standing rock sioux tribe . it was not immediately clear whether the incoming administration would support the decision . what started as a small but fierce protest in a remote spot along the missouri river months ago .
us denies key permit   who have the backing of the incoming trump administration   have insisted the project would still go ahead . tara houska   a member of the couchiching first nation   was similarly circumspect . nothing indicates for us to pack up and go home . monday was supposed to have been a day of resistance and prayer at the sprawling encampment .
subscribe today to be first to know about breaking news and special reports . members of the standing rock sioux and other tribes   as well as environmentalists from around the country   have fought the pipeline project on the grounds that it crosses beneath a lake that provides drinking water to native americans . they say the route beneath lake oahe puts the water source in jeopardy and would destroy sacred land .
the standing rock sioux tribe 's organised resistance to the pipeline began in april as a small prayer camp . the tribe is determined to peacefully resist the pipeline 's current path . the conflict inflames a long   brutal and disgraceful history of native american dispossession .
comments came after two young citizens of the standing rock sioux tribe questioned whether obama was living up to his promises to support indian country . they staged one run to the army corps district office in nebraska that 's been handling the dakota access permitting process for two years and another to washington   d.c.
the route has the necessary permits in montana and south dakota . the pipeline would carry a daily load of 830 000 barrels of crude oil from alberta in canada . it is likely that a significant amount of the refined product is destined for export   and the state department estimates that while the project will result in tens of thousands of temporary jobs .
the spill   the equivalent of two barrels of oil   occurred on april 4 in tulare county . the spill is currently line filling and will be in service on june 1 . after the april 4 spill was reported   recovered oil was put back into the system .
donald trump signed executive actions on tuesday to advance the keystone xl and dakota access oil pipelines . story continued below keystone xl   which was rejected by former president barack obama in 2015 . during the presidential campaign   trump repeatedly promised to approve keystone xl   which would carry canadian oil sands crude from alberta to texas   and he said he wants the u.s. government to get 25 percent of the pipeline 's profits .
benjamin schapiro   30   of ohio   and steven voliva   62   of washington   were arrested on september 27 and charged with blocking a highway in morton county . on tuesday   a jury found them guilty of two class-b misdemeanors . the evidence at the trial consisted of the testimony by three law enforcement officers who were present on north dakota highway 6 on that day .
the protestors   sen holiday and karl zimmermann   used ropes and harnesses to post the banner . they are also seen dangling from the banner that it hung from the ceiling of the football stadium . on dec. 4   the army corps of engineers halted the construction and announced they will be looking to seek alternative routes for the pipeline .
the protest comes as donald trump gave the go-ahead for construction to continue on the keystone xl and dakota access pipelines   reigniting the conflict between native americans and activists fighting for their sacred lands -lrb- in north dakota -rrb- . she is slated to begin an internship with the weinstein co. in february .
the corps of engineers is part of the department of the army . the conflicts along 1 172 miles of the dakota access pipeline   the site of months of clashes near the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota . nov. 23   2016 president-elect donald j. trump   has said that his support has nothing to do with his investment .
protesters confronted police at blackwater bridge on highway 1806 in a melee . the bismarck protest was smaller than the thousands of people . the bismarck protest was smaller than the thousands of people .
some native-american water protectors gave testimonials about being shot with rubber bullets . witnesses described the war-like weapons being deployed indiscriminately   against medics   elders   pregnant woman   and legal observers . some were hit with outlandish felony charges and high bail bonds   which means by february 19 .
the standing rock sioux tribe has been asking protesters to leave the reservation since the u.s. army corps of engineers agreed to do an environmental review in december . this month   when the bureau of indian affairs -lrb- bia -rrb- sent law enforcement to remove protesters   tribal leaders clarified that did not want anyone arrested or removed by force .
the company constructing the pipeline   dallas-based energy transfer partners . despite the deadline   authorities say they wo n't forcibly remove the protesters . despite the deadline   authorities say they wo n't forcibly remove the army corps ' decision as politically motivated and alleging that president obama 's administration was determined to delay the matter until he leaves office .
slate the slatest your news companion nov. 21 2016 9:07 am police clashed with dakota access pipeline protesters sunday night by osita nwanevu native americans march in september to a burial ground sacred site . police have since set up wire and concrete barriers on the bridge . in a piece early this month   nives dolsak and aseem prakash explained the dapl controversy : dapl is designed to carry 570 000 barrels of bakken crude oil per day from the dakotas to illinois .
protests have turned increasingly violent   with around 2 000 veterans coming to the aid of water protectors over the weekend as the army corps of engineers threatened to evict them . it 's a huge and unexpected victory   one that 's come as a welcome surprise to the thousands of people who 've been protesting the pipeline 's constructions as temperatures have begun to drop below 0 .
the department of justice   the army and the interior department jointly announced that construction would pause on the pipeline near north dakota 's lake oahe   a major water source on the missouri river for the standing rock sioux tribe . the army corps has permitted pipeline construction near lake oahe .
the bestselling author and ndp mla rose to make a powerful statement on the months-long protest in north dakota . members of the standing rock sioux tribe worry construction of the pipeline   which is set to run near reservation lands and under lake oahe . standing rock can show canada what happens when resource development begins without the consent of first nations .
email facebook twitter linkedin share on facebook share on twitter keystone xl survived politics   but economics could kill it nation aug 3   2017 11:53 am edt lincoln   neb. . low oil prices and the high cost of extracting canadian crude from oil sands are casting new doubts on keystone xl as executives with the canadian company that wants to build it face the final regulatory hurdle next week in nebraska . the pipeline proposed in 2008 has faced dozens of state and federal delays .
legislative management   which concluded meetings in bismarck today   voted 10-3 to cancel the judicial and tribal addresses . archambault and the standing rock tribe have seriously harmed the tribal relationships with the state of north dakota by partnering with environmental extremists to wreak havoc in south central north dakota .
thousands of people gathered at the standing rock sioux reservation in north dakota to try and stop the pipeline from being constructed . the standing rock sioux are up against an enormous challenge : the oil and gas industries along with the federal government are all backing the pipeline .
e.a. crunden twitter may 8   2018   10:33 am share facebook twitter email sms whatsapp share a rusted pipeline sits above the water in the area near the deepwater horizon disaster and the british petroleum oil spill off the gulf coast on june 14   2010 in grand isle   louisiana   usa . in a decision made april 30   st. james parish-based judge alvin turner jr. ruled that the louisiana department of natural resources -lrb- dnr -rrb- violated portions of state law protecting both the environment and residents .
trump got his project approved after promising to create jobs for local workers . but in 2011   the new jersey department of environmental protection cited the golf course for a series of environmental violations . the book does not list any environmental awards .
u.s. district judge james boasberg rejected that argument   saying that shielding the information from public view would prevent vandalism of the pipeline . other information   however   will be available to the public   such as how energy transfer partners plans to handle potential spills . last year   protest camps near the standing rock sioux reservation brought tens of thousands of protesters .
the army corps will undertake an environmental impact statement and look for alternative routes . while the news is a victory   jan hasselman   an attorney for the tribe   cautioned that the decision could be appealed . for months   they have protested over their fears that the pipeline would contaminate their water source and destroy sacred sites   and inform readers who have been affected by the residential school system .
the tesoro logistics lp pipeline spill was the biggest leak in north dakota since 1 million barrels of salt water brine   a byproduct of oil production   leaked from a well site in 2006 . it spilled some 5 000 to 7 000 barrels of heavy crude from canada . regulators kept the line shut for more than eight weeks .
protesters in morton county   north dakota   held fresh demonstrations saturday . about 500 demonstrators briefly blocked two entrances to a pipeline work yard in morton county   forcing workers to leave the area . keller said one protester was injured   but no one was arrested .
victoria tauli-corpuz   the un special rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples   said construction of the dakota access pipeline -lrb- dapl -rrb- over sacred tribal sites and through lake oahe . the standing rock sioux 's water source was conducted with a lack of respect to the tribe 's land rights . she was invited to the us by standing rock sioux chairman dave archambault   ap reported . she said she will eventually recommend a full study of the dapl 's environmental impact .
event was held at 123 pleasant st morgantown wv   december 11   2016 . pipeline was projected to run from the bakken oil fields in western north dakota to southern illinois   crossing beneath the missouri and mississippi rivers . much of the pipeline has been completed as of late 2016   so the missouri crossing has been an increasingly controversial topic .
subscribe today to be first to know about breaking news and special reports . pipeline 's proposed route has inspired protests from hundreds of native american tribes   environmentalists and others calling themselves water protectors . new flood concerns are heightened in north carolina with rivers rising due to rain .
call secretary of defense james mattis and urge him not to grant the easement without a full environmental impact statement . as a person of faith   i am deeply concerned about the well-being of the standing rock sioux nation and upholds treaty obligations .
north dakota governor doug burgum claimed the state was issued the order to evacuate oceti sakowin camp because of debris and waste supposedly left in the camp . most outrageously   the biggest environmental danger is the pipeline itself   which is scheduled to carry 470 000 barrels of earth-killing oil a day . north dakota governor doug burgum claimed the state had issued the order to evacuate oceti sakowin camp .
protests have turned increasingly violent   with around 2 000 veterans coming to the aid of water protectors over the weekend as the army corps of engineers threatened to evict them . it 's a huge and unexpected victory   one that 's come as a welcome surprise to the thousands of people who 've been protesting the pipeline 's constructions as temperatures have begun to drop below 0 .
oceti sakowin   the central camp in cannon ball   north dakota   marks yet another blow to the movement that attracted indigenous activists and environmentalists from across the globe to demonstrate against the oil pipeline . standing rock : doj steps up aggression against those still battling the pipeline read more in the final hours   some holdouts set fires to structures at the camp where thousands have built tipis   yurts   huts and massive shelters in recent months .
the tribe filed a lawsuit to challenge this decision   but construction was completed while the case was proceeding . in june   just weeks after pipeline operations had begun   the u.s. district court case remains live   and the remand process is underway   this is not an appealable decision at this time .
former chief dennis pashe and southern chiefs organization grand chief terry nelson . the standing rock sioux tribe in north dakota has the support of hundreds of native american tribes in the united states and first nations in canada . the fight is over a section of the 1 886 kilometre dakota access pipeline .
the army corps of engineers   a federal agency   announced that it would deny energy transfer partners -lrb- etp -rrb-   the developer of the pipeline   a permit to cross the missouri river . it mostly traverses privately owned land   but the government must sign off on permission to drill under lake oahe . its refusal to do so requires a new environmental impact statement that looks at alternative routes .
the decision arrived after months of protests and legal action led by the standing rock sioux tribe . the tribe also argued that consultations around the pipeline   promised in treaties   were left out of the initial pipeline planning . in 2015 the obama administration rejected the keystone xl pipeline   which was due to carry crude oil 1 179 miles from alberta   canada   to nebraska   after years of debate .
2016 article originally posted in essf image from hoodwich native americans and their allies won an important battle in their fight to prevent the dakota access pipeline to go through historic tribal lands of the sioux   and under part of the missouri river where the sanding rock sioux reservation gets its drinking water . the battle was joined by the u.s. army corps of engineers -lrb- ace -rrb-   when it issued an ultimatum that the protest at the site where the pipeline is scheduled to go under the river must be disbanded .
the eis is required for a length of the pipeline that would run under lake oahe on the missouri river   a half mile north of the standing rock reservation . on one side   you have money   president-elect donald trump   and a company that will eventually own 25 percent of the completed pipeline . there is an alternative route that etp considered that takes the line 10 miles north of bismarck .
fonda is the latest celebrity to support the indigenous and environmental activists . the pipeline is slated to cross under the missouri river just north of the standing rock sioux reservation . the tribe fears that spills will contaminate their water source and construction will destroy sacred burial sites .
rallies have taken place in cities including new york city   los angeles and london . the pipeline will make 200 river crossings   including the missouri and mississippi rivers   in four states . in total   the pipeline will funnel oil from north dakota to illinois . but kelcy warren   chief executive of energy transfer   insisted the project would continue .
tribune facebook twitter email print save buy now the feeling at camp on monday was busy but calm . the clash came as protesters sought to push past a bridge on a state highway that had been blockaded since late october   according to the morton county sheriff 's office .
the tribe still wants to speak with trump about the dakota access pipeline to prevent him from approving the final phase of construction . the pipeline is complete except for a 1-mile -lrb- 1.61 km -rrb- segment that was to run under lake oahe   which required permission from federal authorities . the camp celebrated the decision   but some expressed concern their victory could be short-lived .
antonia juhasz   a journalist specializing in oil news   tweeted that the statement is an attempt by the pipeline builders to placate investors in the face of a decision that significantly increases their financial risk . the fact that company building dakota access pipeline says they expect to complete it   does n't mean it will be built . they have to say this . archambault also acknowledged the struggle of the young native american activists .
the cheyenne river and the standing rock sioux tribes have sued to stop construction on the final stretch of the dakota access pipeline . the last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the missouri river   which marks the eastern border of both tribes ' reservations . the company building the pipeline   texas-based energy transfer partners   has insisted the water supply will be safe .
keystone xl and dakota access pipelines protested near the white house on tuesday . if the keystone xl pipeline is ever completed   it will employ about 35 full-time workers   relying for its operation on a vast network of sensors   drones and the like . the number of workers employed in generating solar power now surpasses those employed in the generation of electricity from coal   gas and oil combined .
a group of indian affairs did not respond to a request for comment . the legal underpinnings for reservations date to treaties made between 1778 and 1871 to end wars between indigenous indians and european settlers . tribal governments decide how land and resources are allotted among tribe members .
state officials issued an order on monday for activists to vacate the oceti sakowin camp   located on u.s. army corps of engineers land near cannon ball   north dakota   citing harsh weather conditions . the 1 172-mile -lrb- 1 885 km -rrb- pipeline project   owned by texas-based energy transfer partners lp -lrb- etp.n -rrb-   is mostly complete   except for a segment planned to run under lake oahe   a reservoir formed by a dam on the missouri river .
sioux tribe along with thousands from around the world have been camped at standing rock . they claim will pass through a sacred burial site . for months the sioux tribe along with thousands from around the world have been camped at standing rock   which they claim will pass through a sacred burial site .
the pipeline transports crude from alberta   canada   to refineries in illinois and oklahoma   passing through the eastern dakotas   nebraska   kansas and missouri . it can handle nearly 600 000 barrels   or about 23 million gallons . transcanada says it expected the pipeline to remain shut down as the company responds to the leak .
the army corps of engineers refused to extend wednesday 's eviction deadline set by north dakota governor doug burgum last week . in a viral video released on twitter on monday   women water protectors expressed their continued defiance to the project as well as concern about arrests and police brutality during the planned eviction .
the ban came on the same day that trump issued an executive order to allow the controversial keystone pipeline to move forward . the ban came on the same day that trump issued an executive order to allow the controversial keystone pipeline to move forward .
state officials are urging the 200 to 300 activists left at the soggy   trash-strewn encampment on federal land to take advantage of the offer by 2 p.m. central   the deadline set by the u.s. army corps of engineers to evacuate the floodplain . light snow fell as some protesters packed their belongings and engaged in prayer in preparation to leave as law enforcement watched from a distance . the pipeline would have been finished long ago if it had not been for the bravery   fortitude   and wisdom of the people .
the northwestern hawaiian islands is one of the most remote places on earth . faith betrayed guam 's predominantly catholic community has been torn apart by decades of allegations of sexual abuse by beloved priests .
the tribe filed a lawsuit to challenge this decision   but construction was completed while the case was proceeding . in june   just weeks after pipeline operations had begun   the u.s. district court case remains live   and the remand process is underway   this is not an appealable decision at this time .
the keystone xl project was rejected by the president himself in november 2015 . the company behind the keystone pipeline   transcanada corporation   filed two legal challenges in january 2016 accusing obama of overstepping his authority and violating the north american free trade agreement -lrb- nafta -rrb- . the keystone project was projected to cost about twice as much as 50 000 construction jobs .
the tribe claim the pipe will disturb sacred   native sites and could pollute the drinking water for more than 8 000 tribal members . the company behind the pipeline   which some reports suggest is almost complete   has reportedly said it has taken measures to protect leaks and that pipelines are a largely safe way to transport oil . officers in riot gear clashed again wednesday with protesters near the dakota access pipeline .
u.s. district court judge james boasberg established a summer timeline for the standing rock sioux and the cheyenne river sioux to submit arguments that the pipeline should be shut down while additional environmental review takes place . that means a decision about shutting down the pipeline could come as early as september . just as john oliver predicted   a coal tycoon is suing him .
